Killers of the Flower Moon: 2023 | R | 206 min | 7.598 rating
When oil is discovered in 1920s Oklahoma under Osage Nation land, the Osage people are murdered one by one—until the FBI steps in to unravel the mystery.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Lily Gladstone, Robert De Niro, Jesse Plemons, Tantoo Cardinal


Freelance: 2023 | R | 108 min | 6.491 rating
An ex-special forces operative takes a job to provide security for a journalist as she interviews a dictator, but a military coup breaks out in the middle of the interview, they are forced to escape into the jungle where they must survive.
Cast: John Cena, Alison Brie, Juan Pablo Raba, Alice Eve, Marton Csokas


Wonka: 2023 | PG | 117 min | 7.247 rating
Willy Wonka – chock-full of ideas and determined to change the world one delectable bite at a time – is proof that the best things in life begin with a dream, and if you’re lucky enough to meet Willy Wonka, anything is possible.
Cast: Timothée Chalamet, Calah Lane, Keegan-Michael Key, Hugh Grant, Paterson Joseph


Trolls Band Together: 2023 | PG | 92 min | 7.2 rating
When Branch's brother, Floyd, is kidnapped for his musical talents by a pair of nefarious pop-star villains, Branch and Poppy embark on a harrowing and emotional journey to reunite the other brothers and rescue Floyd from a fate even worse than pop-culture obscurity.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Justin Timberlake, Camila Cabello, Eric André, Amy Schumer


Leo: 2023 | PG | 102 min | 7.6 rating
Jaded 74-year-old lizard Leo has been stuck in the same Florida classroom for decades with his terrarium-mate turtle. When he learns he only has one year left to live, he plans to escape to experience life on the outside but instead gets caught up in the problems of his anxious students — including an impossibly mean substitute teacher.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Bill Burr, Cecily Strong, Jason Alexander, Rob Schneider


Leave the World Behind: 2023 | R | 141 min | 6.569 rating
A family's getaway to a luxurious rental home takes an ominous turn when a cyberattack knocks out their devices—and two strangers appear at their door.
Cast: Julia Roberts, Mahershala Ali, Ethan Hawke, Myha’la Herrold, Farrah Mackenzie


A Man of Reason: 2023 | NR | 103 min | 6.5 rating
After 10 years of incarceration on behalf of his employer, all Su-hyuk wants is a normal life - one he hopes will include his former girlfriend, Min-seo, and their daughter, In-bi. But once you've penetrated the upper echelons of the underworld, normal can prove hard to come by. Sometime in the past decade, meanwhile, Su-hyuk's employer has adopted an air of legitimacy. These days, the old gang steal and murder in the name of urban development. And they want the reluctant Su-hyuk on board.
Cast: Jung Woo-sung, Kim Nam-gil, Park Sung-woong, Kim Jun-han, Park You-na


Oppenheimer: 2023 | R | 181 min | 8.128 rating
The story of J. Robert Oppenheimer's role in the development of the atomic bomb during World War II.
Cast: Cillian Murphy, Emily Blunt, Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr., Florence Pugh


The Creator: 2023 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.128 rating
Amid a future war between the human race and the forces of artificial intelligence, a hardened ex-special forces agent grieving the disappearance of his wife, is recruited to hunt down and kill the Creator, the elusive architect of advanced AI who has developed a mysterious weapon with the power to end the war—and mankind itself.
Cast: John David Washington, Madeleine Yuna Voyles, Gemma Chan, Allison Janney, Ken Watanabe


Good Boy: 2022 | R | 76 min | 6.775 rating
Christian - a millionaire heir, meets Sigrid - a young student, on a dating app. They hit it off quickly, but there's only one problem: Christian lives with Frank, a man who dresses up and constantly acts like a dog.
Cast: Gard Fartein Løkke Goli, Katrine Lovise Øpstad Fredriksen, Amalie Willoch Njaastad, Nicolai Narvesen Lied, Viljar Bøe


Rumble Through the Dark: 2023 | R | 116 min | 6.712 rating
Set in the dark landscape of the Mississippi Delta, where a former bare-knuckle fighter must win one last fight to pay off his debts to the local mob boss and save his childhood home—the stakes nothing less than life or death.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Bella Thorne, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Ritchie Coster, Virginia Newcomb


Fast X: 2023 | PG-13 | 142 min | 7.2 rating
Over many missions and against impossible odds, Dom Toretto and his family have outsmarted, out-nerved and outdriven every foe in their path. Now, they confront the most lethal opponent they've ever faced: A terrifying threat emerging from the shadows of the past who's fueled by blood revenge, and who is determined to shatter this family and destroy everything—and everyone—that Dom loves, forever.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, John Cena


Fast Charlie: 2023 |  | 90 min | 6.203 rating
When his aging mob boss is whacked, Charlie Swift, a loyal friend and hired gun, will stop at nothing to destroy the upcoming crew that took him out.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Morena Baccarin, James Caan, Gbenga Akinnagbe, Toby Huss


Five Nights at Freddy's: 2023 | PG-13 | 110 min | 7.821 rating
Recently fired and desperate for work, a troubled young man named Mike agrees to take a position as a night security guard at an abandoned theme restaurant: Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria. But he soon discovers that nothing at Freddy's is what it seems.
Cast: Josh Hutcherson, Piper Rubio, Elizabeth Lail, Matthew Lillard, Mary Stuart Masterson


The Advent Calendar: 2021 | NR | 104 min | 6.646 rating
Eva, an ex-dancer, is now living in a wheelchair, unable to walk. When her friend Sophie gives her an old wooden antique advent calendar before Christmas, she realizes each window contains a surprise that triggers repercussions in real life: some of them good, but most of them bad... Now Eva will have to choose between getting rid of the calendar or walking again… even if it causes death around her.
Cast: Eugénie Derouand, Honorine Magnier, Clément Olivieri, Janis Abrikh, Cyril Garnier


Guimoon: The Lightless Door: 2021 | NR | 85 min | 6.747 rating
In 1990, at a secluded community center, the custodian murders all the guest lodgers and kills himself. Ever since, on every Old Year's Night, paranormal events begin to take place within the building. Eventually, the center is shut down and left abandoned for years. A renowned paranormal investigator who had lost his mother during an exorcism and three college students who heard about the rumor of the unexplained phenomena heads over to the building, resolved to uncover the buried secret.
Cast: Kim Kang-woo, Kim So-hye, Lee Jung-hyoung, Hong Jin-gi, Um Chae-young


Galaxy Games: 2022 |  | 83 min | 6 rating
A group of young adults are sent to a faraway planet to compete in the prestigious Sol Invictus games. When disaster strikes and the teams are stranded without equipment or communication, they must work together to survive long enough to be rescued.
Cast: Jake Brown, Jake White, Spenser Pollard, Caleb Courtney, Aaron Kuban


The Dark Kingdom: 2018 | NR | 85 min | 5.7 rating
To save their Kingdom from an army of undead, a group of warriors must travel through the forbidden lands fighting the fearsome beasts that call The Dark Kingdom their home.
Cast: Ross O'Hennessy, Ben Loyd-Holmes, Rebecca Dyson-Smith, Zara Phythian, Jemma Moore


Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom: 2023 | PG-13 | 124 min | 8.5 rating
Black Manta, still driven by the need to avenge his father's death and wielding the power of the mythic Black Trident, will stop at nothing to take Aquaman down once and for all. To defeat him, Aquaman must turn to his imprisoned brother Orm, the former King of Atlantis, to forge an unlikely alliance in order to save the world from irreversible destruction.
Cast: Jason Momoa, Patrick Wilson, Amber Heard, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Nicole Kidman


Expend4bles: 2023 | R | 103 min | 6.4 rating
Armed with every weapon they can get their hands on and the skills to use them, The Expendables are the world’s last line of defense and the team that gets called when all other options are off the table. But new team members with new styles and tactics are going to give “new blood” a whole new meaning.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, 50 Cent, Megan Fox, Dolph Lundgren


Christmas Bloody Christmas: 2022 |  | 87 min | 5.601 rating
It's Christmas Eve and Tori just wants to get drunk and party, but when a robotic Santa Claus at a nearby toy store goes haywire and begins a rampant killing spree through her small town, she's forced into a battle for survival.
Cast: Riley Dandy, Sam Delich, Jonah Ray Rodrigues, Dora Madison, Jeff Daniel Phillips


Krampus: 2015 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.187 rating
When his dysfunctional family clashes over the holidays, young Max is disillusioned and turns his back on Christmas.  Little does he know, this lack of festive spirit has unleashed the wrath of Krampus: a demonic force of ancient evil intent on punishing non-believers.
Cast: Emjay Anthony, Adam Scott, Toni Collette, Allison Tolman, David Koechner


Barbie: 2023 | PG-13 | 114 min | 7.172 rating
Barbie and Ken are having the time of their lives in the colorful and seemingly perfect world of Barbie Land. However, when they get a chance to go to the real world, they soon discover the joys and perils of living among humans.
Cast: Margot Robbie, Ryan Gosling, America Ferrera, Kate McKinnon, Ariana Greenblatt


Reign of Chaos: 2022 |  | 77 min | 5.8 rating
When the world is gripped by a plague unleashed by the evil lord Chaos, and humans are turned into rabid creatures, mankind can only be saved by three young women, descendants of a Goddess, with the power to stop Chaos' evil.
Cast: Rebecca Finch, Ray Whelan, Kate Milner Evans, Mark Sears, Peter Cosgrove


Godzilla Minus One: 2023 | PG-13 | 125 min | 8.057 rating
In postwar Japan, a new terror rises. Will the devastated people be able to survive... let alone fight back?
Cast: Ryunosuke Kamiki, Hidetaka Yoshioka, Minami Hamabe, Kuranosuke Sasaki, Yuki Yamada


Shockwave: Countdown to Disaster: 2017 | NR | 90 min | 5.652 rating
A stolen seismic weapon is activated in Yemen. A hostage freed there tries in vain to warn against its global effect. It starts seismic activity at the Californian fault line where her daughter and ex are monitoring it. Can they stop it?
Cast: Stacey Oristano, Rib Hillis, Ed Amatrudo, Bruce Thomas, Tyler Perez


Mount Adams: 2021 |  | 94 min | 6.5 rating
UFO investigators find themselves fighting for survival as alien monsters hunt them on the slopes of Mount Adams.
Cast: Tim Wade, Emily Sweet, Matthew O'Donnell, Phillip Wade, Allesondra Helwig


Robot Apocalypse: 2021 |  | 87 min | 6.41 rating
An expert hacker is targeted by a sentient AI after she realizes the threat it poses, and she must try to stay off its radar long enough to stop it.
Cast: Tito Ortiz, Katalina Viteri, DeAngelo Davis, Jessica Chancellor, Noah Jay Wood


The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes: 2023 | PG-13 | 157 min | 7.242 rating
64 years before he becomes the tyrannical president of Panem, Coriolanus Snow sees a chance for a change in fortunes when he mentors Lucy Gray Baird, the female tribute from District 12.
Cast: Tom Blyth, Rachel Zegler, Peter Dinklage, Jason Schwartzman, Hunter Schafer


The Super Mario Bros. Movie: 2023 | PG | 93 min | 7.73 rating
While working underground to fix a water main, Brooklyn plumbers—and brothers—Mario and Luigi are transported down a mysterious pipe and wander into a magical new world. But when the brothers are separated, Mario embarks on an epic quest to find Luigi.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Anya Taylor-Joy, Charlie Day, Jack Black, Keegan-Michael Key


Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One: 2023 | PG-13 | 164 min | 7.6 rating
Ethan Hunt and his IMF team embark on their most dangerous mission yet: To track down a terrifying new weapon that threatens all of humanity before it falls into the wrong hands. With control of the future and the world's fate at stake and dark forces from Ethan's past closing in, a deadly race around the globe begins. Confronted by a mysterious, all-powerful enemy, Ethan must consider that nothing can matter more than his mission—not even the lives of those he cares about most.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Hayley Atwell, Ving Rhames, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson


The Marvels: 2023 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.489 rating
Carol Danvers, aka Captain Marvel, has reclaimed her identity from the tyrannical Kree and taken revenge on the Supreme Intelligence. But unintended consequences see Carol shouldering the burden of a destabilized universe. When her duties send her to an anomalous wormhole linked to a Kree revolutionary, her powers become entangled with that of Jersey City super-fan Kamala Khan, aka Ms. Marvel, and Carol’s estranged niece, now S.A.B.E.R. astronaut Captain Monica Rambeau. Together, this unlikely trio must team up and learn to work in concert to save the universe.
Cast: Brie Larson, Teyonah Parris, Iman Vellani, Zawe Ashton, Samuel L. Jackson


Merry Little Batman: 2023 |  | 97 min | 6.569 rating
This Christmas, Damian Wayne wants to be a superhero like his dad – the one and only Batman. When Damian is left home alone while Batman takes on Gotham’s worst supervillains on Christmas Eve, he stumbles upon a villainous plot to steal Christmas and leaps at the chance to save the day.
Cast: Yonas Kibreab, Luke Wilson, James Cromwell, David Hornsby, Dolph Adomian


Muchachos, la película de la gente: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 6.7 rating

Cast: Guillermo Francella


Chicken Run: Dawn of the Nugget: 2023 | PG | 97 min | 7.648 rating
A band of fearless chickens flock together to save poultry-kind from an unsettling new threat: a nearby farm that's cooking up something suspicious.
Cast: Thandiwe Newton, Zachary Levi, Bella Ramsey, Imelda Staunton, Lynn Ferguson


Transformers: Rise of the Beasts: 2023 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.432 rating
When a new threat capable of destroying the entire planet emerges, Optimus Prime and the Autobots must team up with a powerful faction known as the Maximals. With the fate of humanity hanging in the balance, humans Noah and Elena will do whatever it takes to help the Transformers as they engage in the ultimate battle to save Earth.
Cast: Anthony Ramos, Dominique Fishback, Peter Cullen, Ron Perlman, Peter Dinklage


How the Grinch Stole Christmas: 2000 | PG | 104 min | 6.762 rating
The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas - but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart...
Cast: Jim Carrey, Taylor Momsen, Jeffrey Tambor, Christine Baranski, Bill Irwin


Elemental: 2023 | PG | 102 min | 7.717 rating
In a city where fire, water, land and air residents live together, a fiery young woman and a go-with-the-flow guy will discover something elemental: how much they have in common.
Cast: Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie, Ronnie del Carmen, Shila Ommi, Wendi McLendon-Covey


A Tale of Two Guns: 2022 |  | 91 min | 6.413 rating
In the lawless West, The Cowboys, a notorious brotherhood of killers and thieves, reigned over the land with brutal fists and fast guns. Fate had finally caught up with them and now the merciless gang has but a single surviving member. When a deputized gunslinger takes up the call to hunt down the last Cowboy, the chase is on and the bullets fly, and only one of these hardened men can survive.
Cast: Dendrie Taylor, Jennifer Wenger, Griff Furst, Edward Finlay, Ed Morrone


Meg 2: The Trench: 2023 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.714 rating
An exploratory dive into the deepest depths of the ocean of a daring research team spirals into chaos when a malevolent mining operation threatens their mission and forces them into a high-stakes battle for survival.
Cast: Jason Statham, Wu Jing, Shuya Sophia Cai, Page Kennedy, Sergio Peris-Mencheta


Wifelike: 2022 | R | 106 min | 7.014 rating
A grieving detective in the near-future hunts down criminals who trade artificial humans on the black market. In the fight to end AI exploitation, an underground resistance attempts to infiltrate him by sabotaging the programming of the artificial human assigned as his companion to behave like his late wife. She begins to question her reality as memories of a past life begin to surface in a world where nothing is as it seems.
Cast: Elena Kampouris, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Doron Bell, Agam Darshi, Sara Sampaio


The Collective: 2023 |  | 86 min | 5.3 rating
A group of righteous assassins called The Collective take aim at a highly sophisticated human trafficking ring backed by a network of untouchable billionaires. With their backs against the wall, The Collective has no choice but to put their most important mission in the hands of rookie assassin, Sam Alexander.
Cast: Lucas Till, Ruby Rose, Tyrese Gibson, Don Johnson, Mercedes Varnado


The Equalizer 3: 2023 | R | 109 min | 7.443 rating
Robert McCall finds himself at home in Southern Italy but he discovers his friends are under the control of local crime bosses. As events turn deadly, McCall knows what he has to do: become his friends' protector by taking on the mafia.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Dakota Fanning, Eugenio Mastrandrea, David Denman, Gaia Scodellaro


Escaping Paradise: 2023 |  | 91 min | 4.7 rating
When a young couple vacations on an exotic island, they encounter a dangerous fugitive who is determined to keep them from leaving.
Cast: Deji LaRay, Simon Phillips, Shayla Hale, Christies Paglinawan, Andrew Davis II


Blue Beetle: 2023 | PG-13 | 128 min | 6.914 rating
Recent college grad Jaime Reyes returns home full of aspirations for his future, only to find that home is not quite as he left it. As he searches to find his purpose in the world, fate intervenes when Jaime unexpectedly finds himself in possession of an ancient relic of alien biotechnology: the Scarab.
Cast: Xolo Mariduena, Bruna Marquezine, Susan Sarandon, Raoul Max Trujillo, Belissa Escobedo


Surviving My Quinceañera: 2023 | NR | 101 min | 7.535 rating
Quinceañeras, a magical age... except when your family wants to put you in a bulky dress and make you waltz in front of everyone, which is exactly what happens to Danae shortly after she transfers to a very proper private school.  Now Danae has to manage to balance the demands of her family, those of her new friends and organize a cool, but traditional, but modern, but emotional, but aesthetic, but also grandmother-pleasing Quinceañera party... without dying in the process.
Cast: Berenice Jonguitud, Guillermo Villegas, Verónica Bravo, Lupita Lara, Gerardo Taracena


Migration: 2023 | PG | 83 min | 7.625 rating
After a migrating duck family alights on their pond with thrilling tales of far-flung places, the Mallard family embarks on a family road trip, via New York City, to tropical Jamaica.
Cast: Kumail Nanjiani, Elizabeth Banks, Caspar Jennings, Tresi Gazal, Awkwafina


The Family Plan: 2023 | PG-13 | 119 min | 7.554 rating
Dan Morgan is many things: a devoted husband, a loving father, a celebrated car salesman. He's also a former assassin. And when his past catches up to his present, he's forced to take his unsuspecting family on a road trip unlike any other.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Michelle Monaghan, Maggie Q, Zoe Colletti, Van Crosby


Retribution: 2023 | R | 91 min | 6.925 rating
When a mysterious caller puts a bomb under his car seat, Matt Turner begins a high-speed chase across the city to complete a specific series of tasks- all with his kids trapped in the back seat.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Noma Dumezweni, Lilly Aspell, Jack Champion, Arian Moayed


The Grinch: 2018 | PG | 85 min | 6.849 rating
The Grinch hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Rashida Jones, Kenan Thompson, Cameron Seely, Angela Lansbury


Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse: 2023 | PG | 140 min | 8.399 rating
After reuniting with Gwen Stacy, Brooklyn’s full-time, friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is catapulted across the Multiverse, where he encounters the Spider Society, a team of Spider-People charged with protecting the Multiverse’s very existence. But when the heroes clash on how to handle a new threat, Miles finds himself pitted against the other Spiders and must set out on his own to save those he loves most.
Cast: Shameik Moore, Hailee Steinfeld, Jason Schwartzman, Oscar Isaac, Brian Tyree Henry


Come Out Fighting: 2023 | NR | 86 min | 5.1 rating
In WWII, a squad of U.S. African-American soldiers are sent on a rescue mission behind enemy lines to locate their lost commanding officer and a downed fighter pilot.
Cast: Dolph Lundgren, Tyrese Gibson, Michael Jai White, Kellan Lutz, Vicellous Shannon


Gran Turismo: 2023 | PG-13 | 135 min | 8.011 rating
The ultimate wish-fulfillment tale of a teenage Gran Turismo player whose gaming skills won him a series of Nissan competitions to become an actual professional racecar driver.
Cast: Archie Madekwe, David Harbour, Orlando Bloom, Djimon Hounsou, Darren Barnet


Avatar: The Way of Water: 2022 | PG-13 | 192 min | 7.65 rating
Set more than a decade after the events of the first film, learn the story of the Sully family (Jake, Neytiri, and their kids), the trouble that follows them, the lengths they go to keep each other safe, the battles they fight to stay alive, and the tragedies they endure.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldaña, Sigourney Weaver, Stephen Lang, Kate Winslet


John Wick: Chapter 4: 2023 | R | 170 min | 7.777 rating
With the price on his head ever increasing, John Wick uncovers a path to defeating The High Table. But before he can earn his freedom, Wick must face off against a new enemy with powerful alliances across the globe and forces that turn old friends into foes.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Donnie Yen, Bill Skarsgård, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne


TAYLOR SWIFT | THE ERAS TOUR: 2023 | PG-13 | 169 min | 8.195 rating
The cultural phenomenon continues on the big screen! Immerse yourself in this once-in-a-lifetime concert film experience with a breathtaking, cinematic view of the history-making tour.
Cast: Taylor Swift, Mike Meadows, Max Bernstein, Paul Sidoti, Amos Heller


Hard Days: 2023 |  | 118 min | 7 rating
After going to extremes to cover up an accident, a corrupt cop's life spirals out of control when he starts receiving threats from a mysterious witness.
Cast: Junichi Okada, Go Ayano, Ryoko Hirosue, Hayato Isomura, Tetta Sugimoto


The Bad Guys: A Very Bad Holiday: 2023 | G | 26 min | 6.779 rating
To keep their annual Holiday Heist-tacular afloat, Mr. Wolf and his crew of animal outlaws will have to restore the whole city's Christmas spirit — fast!
Cast: Michael Godere, Ezekiel Ajeigbe, Raul Ceballos, Chris Diamantopoulos, Mallory Low


Princess Khutulun: 2021 | NR | 108 min | 7.147 rating
Princess Khotulun is the daughter of Haidu Khan of the Ugudei dynasty. The film tells the story of Princess Khotulun, the son of Kublai Khan, known in Western and Eastern history as a wrestling princess, and her struggle to reclaim her Golden Sutra.
Cast: Tserendolgor Munkhbat, Altantur Altanjargal


Mousa: 2021 |  | 101 min | 6.8 rating
An engineering college student invents the first of its kind robot in the Middle East, in an attempt to avenge his father's death and achieve justice, which gets him pursued by the authorities.
Cast: Karim Mahmoud Abdel Aziz, Eyad Nassar, Asmaa Abu ElYazeed, Sabry Fawaz, Mohamed Lotfi


PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie: 2023 | PG | 92 min | 6.9 rating
A magical meteor crash lands in Adventure City and gives the PAW Patrol pups superpowers, transforming them into The Mighty Pups.
Cast: Mckenna Grace, Christian Convery, Taraji P. Henson, Kristen Bell, Lil Rel Howery


Extraction Point: 2021 |  | 73 min | 5.432 rating
An alien visitor must race against time to reach his extraction point after his UFO is forced to crash down on Earth.
Cast: Tara London, Franklin Correa, Farid Jamal Khan, Bryan C. King, Valentin Montero


Spider-Man: No Way Home: 2021 | PG-13 | 148 min | 7.984 rating
Peter Parker is unmasked and no longer able to separate his normal life from the high-stakes of being a super-hero. When he asks for help from Doctor Strange the stakes become even more dangerous, forcing him to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man.
Cast: Tom Holland, Zendaya, Benedict Cumberbatch, Jacob Batalon, Jon Favreau


Wish: 2023 | PG | 95 min | 6.664 rating
Asha, a sharp-witted idealist, makes a wish so powerful that it is answered by a cosmic force – a little ball of boundless energy called Star. Together, Asha and Star confront a most formidable foe - the ruler of Rosas, King Magnifico - to save her community and prove that when the will of one courageous human connects with the magic of the stars, wondrous things can happen.
Cast: Ariana DeBose, Chris Pine, Alan Tudyk, Angelique Cabral, Victor Garber


2025: Blood, White & Blue: 2022 |  | 135 min | 7 rating
Undercover U.S. agent Bill Wilson makes the bust of his career taking down a cartel leader. Hiding the evidence in his home exposes his family to a brutal targeting on the night of the annual Purge, the deadliest night of the year.
Cast: Grid Margraf, Sheila Ellis, Natasha Dee Davis, Doug Boethin, Eugene Magana


Saw X: 2023 | R | 118 min | 7.4 rating
Between the events of 'Saw' and 'Saw II', a sick and desperate John Kramer travels to Mexico for a risky and experimental medical procedure in hopes of a miracle cure for his cancer, only to discover the entire operation is a scam to defraud the most vulnerable. Armed with a newfound purpose, the infamous serial killer returns to his work, turning the tables on the con artists in his signature visceral way through devious, deranged, and ingenious traps.
Cast: Tobin Bell, Shawnee Smith, Synnøve Macody Lund, Steven Brand, Renata Vaca


The Immortal Wars: Rebirth: 2021 |  | 84 min | 3.5 rating
Rebirth takes place during the early brutal stages of Dominion Industries. In this story watch Olive and other deviants undergo a series of deadly experiments lead by Laurie Harvey and her team.
Cast: Corey Taylor, Destiny Salas, Lindsey Cruz, Steve Delgado, Julie Garcia-Briceno


Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3: 2023 | PG-13 | 150 min | 8.004 rating
Peter Quill, still reeling from the loss of Gamora, must rally his team around him to defend the universe along with protecting one of their own. A mission that, if not completed successfully, could quite possibly lead to the end of the Guardians as we know them.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldaña, Dave Bautista, Karen Gillan, Pom Klementieff


Soccer Soul: 2023 | NR | 96 min | 7 rating
It narrates the epic title obtained by the Argentine National Team in the World Cup Qatar 2022 with testimonies of the protagonists, told from the intimacy and in first person.
Cast: Ricardo Darín, Lionel Scaloni, Lionel Messi, Ángel Di María, Julián Álvarez


Inferno: 1999 | R | 95 min | 6.148 rating
Eddie Lomax (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a drifter who has been in a suicidal funk since the death of his close friend Johnny (Danny Trejo). Riding his motorcycle into a small desert town where Johnny once lived, Lomax is confronted by a gang of toughs, who beat him and steal his bike. However, Lomax is not a man to take an injustice lying down, and soon he begins exacting a violent revenge on the men who stole his motorcycle, with local handyman Jubal Early (Pat Morita) lending a hand and several area ladies offering aid and comfort.
Cast: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Pat Morita, Danny Trejo, Gabrielle Fitzpatrick, Larry Drake


Agent Jade Black: 2020 |  | 101 min | 2 rating
A skilled young female agent is tasked with capturing a rogue former agent before she can unleash a biological weapon starting with the wealthy and powerful purveyors of the international sex trade.
Cast: Connie Franklin, Katie Burgess, Sidney Flack, Luke Wyckoff, Caleb Fellenstein


Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny: 2023 | PG-13 | 155 min | 6.676 rating
Finding himself in a new era, and approaching retirement, Indy wrestles with fitting into a world that seems to have outgrown him. But as the tentacles of an all-too-familiar evil return in the form of an old rival, Indy must don his hat and pick up his whip once more to make sure an ancient and powerful artifact doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Mads Mikkelsen, Boyd Holbrook, Olivier Richters


Napoleon: 2023 | R | 158 min | 6.412 rating
An epic that details the checkered rise and fall of French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte and his relentless journey to power through the prism of his addictive, volatile relationship with his wife, Josephine.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Vanessa Kirby, Tahar Rahim, Rupert Everett, Mark Bonnar


My Fault: 2023 |  | 117 min | 8.079 rating
Noah must leave her city, boyfriend, and friends to move into William Leister's mansion, the flashy and wealthy husband of her mother Rafaela. As a proud and independent 17 year old, Noah resists living in a mansion surrounded by luxury. However, it is there where she meets Nick, her new stepbrother, and the clash of their strong personalities becomes evident from the very beginning.
Cast: Nicole Wallace, Gabriel Guevara, Marta Hazas, Iván Sánchez, Eva Ruiz


Digimon Adventure 02: The Beginning: 2023 | NR | 87 min | 6.8 rating
In 2012, after the events of Digimon Adventure: Last Evolution Kizuna, the early adulthood DigiDestined—Daisuke, Miyako, Iori, Takeru Takashi, Hikari, and Ken—must reconcile their new responsibilities with their Digimon partners. But Rui Owada, a mysterious young man,  appears, claiming to be the first human to partner with a Digimon–Ukkomon. Could Rui really have been the first-ever DigiDestined?
Cast: Fukujuro Katayama, Junko Noda, Arthur Lounsbery, Naozumi Takahashi, Ayaka Asai


Hunting Souls: 2022 |  | 93 min | 6.743 rating
Hunting Souls is the story of an American couple who are dealing with the hardships of caring for their sick child. They discover that they are being hunted by a demon.
Cast: Sunny Mabrey, Adelle Drahos, Aiden Turner, Matt Borlenghi, Chloe & Sophia Garcia-Frizzi


Goodbye Monster: 2022 | PG | 99 min | 6.3 rating
In order to cure Hei Ling, a terminal illness, the Kunlun healer, Bai Ze, was banished after accidentally destroying an island. Seven years later, he returns to the island to seek redemption.
Cast: Cong Liu, Kai Wang, Zhang Zhe, Zhang Lei, Zhang Yaohan


Diary of a Wimpy Kid Christmas: Cabin Fever: 2023 |  | 64 min | 6.885 rating
The winter holidays are turning out to be especially stressful for Greg Heffley this year. After accidentally damaging a snowplow while making a snowman with best friend Rowley Jefferson, Greg worries he won’t get the new video game console he so desperately wants for Christmas. To make matters worse, he gets snowed in with his family, including his grumpy older brother Rodrick and annoying younger brother Manny.
Cast: Wesley Kimmel, Erica Cerra, Christian Convery, Chris Diamantopoulos, Hunter Dillon


Kung Fu Panda: 2008 | PG | 90 min | 7.251 rating
When the Valley of Peace is threatened, lazy Po the panda discovers his destiny as the "chosen one" and trains to become a kung fu hero, but transforming the unsleek slacker into a brave warrior won't be easy. It's up to Master Shifu and the Furious Five -- Tigress, Crane, Mantis, Viper and Monkey -- to give it a try.
Cast: Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Ian McShane, Jackie Chan


Megaboa: 2021 |  | 100 min | 6.5 rating
On a trip to Colombia, a group of college students encounter a fifty-foot boa constrictor, hungry for blood.
Cast: Eric Roberts, Michelle Elizabeth O'Shea, Emilia Torello, Joe Herrera, Garrett Schulte


Megaboa: 2021 |  | 100 min | 6.5 rating
On a trip to Colombia, a group of college students encounter a fifty-foot boa constrictor, hungry for blood.
Cast: Eric Roberts, Michelle Elizabeth O'Shea, Emilia Torello, Joe Herrera, Garrett Schulte


Puss in Boots: The Last Wish: 2022 | PG | 103 min | 8.261 rating
Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: He has burned through eight of his nine lives, leaving him with only one life left. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek Pinault, Harvey Guillén, Wagner Moura, Florence Pugh


The Flash: 2023 | PG-13 | 144 min | 6.82 rating
When his attempt to save his family inadvertently alters the future, Barry Allen becomes trapped in a reality in which General Zod has returned and there are no Super Heroes to turn to. In order to save the world that he is in and return to the future that he knows, Barry's only hope is to race for his life. But will making the ultimate sacrifice be enough to reset the universe?
Cast: Ezra Miller, Sasha Calle, Michael Keaton, Michael Shannon, Ron Livingston


Dragon Ball: Mystical Adventure: 1988 | PG | 48 min | 6.8 rating
Master Roshi has succeeded at the one mission he valued most: to train Goku and Krillin to become ultimate fighters. So, he arranges for them to test their mettle at a competition hosted by Emperor Chiaotzu. Not everyone's playing by the rules, however, as a member of the ruler's household schemes to use the Dragonballs to extort money and power from the royal.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Hiromi Tsuru, Mayumi Tanaka, Kōhei Miyauchi, Hirotaka Suzuoki


Charlie and the Chocolate Factory: 2005 | PG | 115 min | 7 rating
A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Freddie Highmore, David Kelly, Helena Bonham Carter, Noah Taylor


The Exorcist: Believer: 2023 | R | 111 min | 6.193 rating
When two girls disappear into the woods and return three days later with no memory of what happened to them, the father of one girl seeks out Chris MacNeil, who's been forever altered by what happened to her daughter fifty years ago.
Cast: Leslie Odom Jr., Lidya Jewett, Olivia Marcum, Ann Dowd, Jennifer Nettles


Home Alone 2: Lost in New York: 1992 | PG | 120 min | 6.717 rating
Instead of flying to Florida with his folks, Kevin ends up alone in New York, where he gets a hotel room with his dad's credit card—despite problems from a clerk and meddling bellboy. But when Kevin runs into his old nemeses, the Wet Bandits, he's determined to foil their plans to rob a toy store on Christmas Eve.
Cast: Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Heard


The Nun II: 2023 | R | 110 min | 6.91 rating
In 1956 France, a priest is violently murdered, and Sister Irene begins to investigate. She once again comes face-to-face with a powerful evil.
Cast: Taissa Farmiga, Jonas Bloquet, Storm Reid, Anna Popplewell, Bonnie Aarons


The Survivor: 2022 | R | 129 min | 7.174 rating
Harry Haft is a boxer who fought fellow prisoners in the concentration camps to survive. Haunted by the memories and his guilt, he attempts to use high-profile fights against boxing legends like Rocky Marciano as a way to find his first love again.
Cast: Ben Foster, Billy Magnussen, Vicky Krieps, Peter Sarsgaard, Saro Emirze


Justice League: 2017 | PG-13 | 120 min | 6.095 rating
Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Gal Gadot, Ezra Miller


Muzzle: 2023 | R | 100 min | 6.613 rating
LAPD K-9 officer Jake Rosser has just witnessed the shocking murder of his dedicated partner by a mysterious assailant. As he investigates the shooter’s identity, he uncovers a vast conspiracy that has a chokehold on the city in this thrilling journey through the tangled streets of Los Angeles and the corrupt bureaucracy of the LAPD.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Stephen Lang, Diego Tinoco, Leslie Black, Penelope Mitchell


Jack Mimoun & the Secrets of Val Verde: 2022 | NR | 104 min | 5.244 rating
Two years after surviving alone on the hostile island of Val Verde, Jack Mimoun has become an adventure star. The book recounting his experience is a bestseller and his television show breaks audience records. He is then approached by the mysterious Aurélie Diaz who will bring Jack Mimoun back to Val Verde to train him in search of the legendary sword of the pirate La Buse. Accompanied by Bruno Quézac, the ambitious but reckless manager of Jack, and Jean-Marc Bastos, a mercenary as disturbed as he is unpredictable, our adventurers will embark on an incredible treasure hunt through the jungle of the island of thousand dangers.
Cast: Malik Bentalha, Joséphine Japy, Jérôme Commandeur, François Damiens, Benoît Magimel


Mavka: The Forest Song: 2023 | PG | 99 min | 7.326 rating
Forest soul Mavka faces an impossible choice between her heart and her duty as guardian to the Heart of the Forest, when she falls in love with the talented young human musician Lukas.
Cast: Nataliia Denysenko, Artem Pyvovarov, Nazar Zadniprovskyi, Oleh Skrypka, Olena Kravets


Sound of Freedom: 2023 | PG-13 | 131 min | 8.082 rating
The story of Tim Ballard, a former US government agent, who quits his job in order to devote his life to rescuing children from global sex traffickers.
Cast: Jim Caviezel, Mira Sorvino, Bill Camp, Gerardo Taracena, Kurt Fuller


Rebel Moon - Part One: A Child of Fire: 2023 | PG-13 | 134 min | 8.4 rating
When a peaceful colony on the edge of the galaxy finds itself threatened by the armies of the tyrannical Regent Balisarius, they dispatch Kora, a young woman with a mysterious past, to seek out warriors from neighboring planets to help them take a stand.
Cast: Sofia Boutella, Djimon Hounsou, Charlie Hunnam, Michiel Huisman, Staz Nair


The Equalizer: 2014 | R | 132 min | 7.263 rating
McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets Teri, a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can’t stand idly by – he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless, McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem, if the odds are stacked against them, if they have nowhere else to turn, McCall will help. He is The Equalizer.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Marton Csokas, Chloë Grace Moretz, David Harbour, Haley Bennett


Kung Fu Panda 2: 2011 | PG | 91 min | 6.979 rating
Po is now living his dream as The Dragon Warrior, protecting the Valley of Peace alongside his friends and fellow kung fu masters, The Furious Five - Tigress, Crane, Mantis, Viper and Monkey. But Po’s new life of awesomeness is threatened by the emergence of a formidable villain, who plans to use a secret, unstoppable weapon to conquer China and destroy kung fu. It is up to Po and The Furious Five to journey across China to face this threat and vanquish it. But how can Po stop a weapon that can stop kung fu? He must look to his past and uncover the secrets of his mysterious origins; only then will he be able to unlock the strength he needs to succeed.
Cast: Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Gary Oldman, Jackie Chan


Alien: Covenant: 2017 | R | 122 min | 6.095 rating
Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world—which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition.
Cast: Michael Fassbender, Katherine Waterston, Billy Crudup, Danny McBride, Demián Bichir


Cobweb: 2023 | R | 88 min | 6.771 rating
Eight year old Peter is plagued by a mysterious, constant tapping from inside his bedroom wall—one that his parents insist is all in his imagination. As Peter's fear intensifies, he believes that his parents could be hiding a terrible, dangerous secret and questions their trustworthiness.
Cast: Lizzy Caplan, Antony Starr, Cleopatra Coleman, Woody Norman, Luke Busey


Talk to Me: 2023 |  | 95 min | 7.199 rating
When a group of friends discover how to conjure spirits using an embalmed hand, they become hooked on the new thrill, until one of them goes too far and unleashes terrifying supernatural forces.
Cast: Sophie Wilde, Alexandra Jensen, Joe Bird, Otis Dhanji, Miranda Otto


Casper's Haunted Christmas: 2000 | G | 84 min | 5.349 rating
Kibosh, supreme ruler of all ghosts, decrees that casper must scare at least one person before Christmas Day so Casper visits Kriss, Massachusetts where he meets the Jollimore family and sets out to complete his mission. As usual, kindhearted Casper has a ghastky time trying to scare anyone; so The Ghostly Trio, fed up with his goody-boo-shoes behavior, secretly hires Casper's look-alike cousin Spooky to do the job-with hilarious results.
Cast: Brendon Ryan Barrett, Kathleen Barr, Ian James Corlett, Graeme Kingston, Terry Klassen


After Everything: 2023 | R | 93 min | 7.004 rating
Besieged by writer’s block and the crushing breakup with Tessa, Hardin travels to Portugal in search of a woman he wronged in the past – and to find himself. Hoping to win back Tessa, he realizes he needs to change his ways before he can make the ultimate commitment.
Cast: Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Josephine Langford, Mimi Keene, Stephen Moyer, Louise Lombard


Kung Fu Panda 4: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Po is gearing up to become the spiritual leader of his Valley of Peace, but also needs someone to take his place as Dragon Warrior. As such, he will train a new kung fu practitioner for the spot and will encounter a villain called the Chameleon who conjures villains from the past.
Cast: Jack Black, Awkwafina, Viola Davis, Bryan Cranston, Ke Huy Quan


Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone: 2001 | PG | 152 min | 7.916 rating
Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard—with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths—and about the villain who's to blame.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Richard Harris, Tom Felton


It's a Wonderful Knife: 2023 |  | 87 min | 5.3 rating
Winnie's life is less than wonderful one year after saving her town from a psychotic killer on Christmas Eve. When she wishes she was never born, she finds herself magically transported to a nightmarish parallel universe. With the murderous maniac now back, she must team up with a misfit to identify the culprit and get back to her own reality.
Cast: Jane Widdop, Jess McLeod, Joel McHale, Katharine Isabelle, William B. Davis


Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory: 1971 | G | 99 min | 7.487 rating
When eccentric candy man Willy Wonka promises a lifetime supply of sweets and a tour of his chocolate factory to five lucky kids, penniless Charlie Bucket seeks the golden ticket that will make him a winner.
Cast: Gene Wilder, Peter Ostrum, Jack Albertson, Roy Kinnear, Julie Dawn Cole


Uri: The Surgical Strike: 2019 | NR | 138 min | 7.175 rating
Following the roguish terrorist attacks at Uri Army Base camp in Kashmir, India takes the fight to the enemy, in its most successful covert operation till date with one and only one objective of avenging their fallen heroes.
Cast: Vicky Kaushal, Paresh Rawal, Yami Gautam, Kirti Kulhari, Mohit Raina


Godzilla vs. Kong: 2021 | PG-13 | 114 min | 7.6 rating
In a time when monsters walk the Earth, humanity’s fight for its future sets Godzilla and Kong on a collision course that will see the two most powerful forces of nature on the planet collide in a spectacular battle for the ages.
Cast: Alexander Skarsgård, Millie Bobby Brown, Rebecca Hall, Brian Tyree Henry, Shun Oguri


The Mercenary: 2020 |  | 91 min | 6.2 rating
When a mission in South America goes wrong a mercenary is left for dead, but he is nursed back to health and reborn with a new outlook on life. But his peaceful days are short-lived when mercenaries he used to work with cross his path again and he is forced to revisit and face his own demons.
Cast: Dominique Vandenberg, Louis Mandylor, Carmen Argenziano, Manny Alva, Brad Ashten


Justice League: 2017 | PG-13 | 120 min | 6.1 rating
Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Gal Gadot, Ezra Miller


Paprika: 2006 |  | 90 min | 7.8 rating
When a machine that allows therapists to enter their patient's dreams is stolen, all hell breaks loose. Only a young female therapist can stop it: Paprika.
Cast: Megumi Hayashibara, Tohru Emori, Katsunosuke Hori, Toru Furuya, Akio Otsuka


Thriller Night: 2011 | G | 6 min | 6.9 rating
A Shrek parody of Michael Jackson's Thriller song and music video, with Donkey singing.
Cast: Michael Gough, Dean Edwards, Holly Fields, André Sogliuzzo, Cody Cameron


Muzzle: 2023 | R | 100 min | 6.613 rating
LAPD K-9 officer Jake Rosser has just witnessed the shocking murder of his dedicated partner by a mysterious assailant. As he investigates the shooter’s identity, he uncovers a vast conspiracy that has a chokehold on the city in this thrilling journey through the tangled streets of Los Angeles and the corrupt bureaucracy of the LAPD.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Stephen Lang, Diego Tinoco, Leslie Black, Penelope Mitchell


Star Wars: The Last Jedi: 2017 | PG-13 | 152 min | 6.8 rating
Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker, who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile, the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order.
Cast: Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega


No Name and Dynamite: 2022 | NR | 91 min | 5.5 rating
The line between the good guys and the bad guys blurs as ruthless bounty hunters No Name and Dynamite Davenport shoot their way through the Wild West, collecting rewards and making more enemies than friends. With the outlaw John Wilkes Booth on the run and gold hidden in the hills, justice must be served.
Cast: Chris Northup, Rich Ting, Natalie Burn, Vernon Wells, Thomas Rosales Jr.


Mr. Monk's Last Case: A Monk Movie: 2023 | PG | 97 min | 7.236 rating
Monk steps out of retirement as his stepdaughter's wedding turns tragic when her fiancé dies in a bungee jumping accident.
Cast: Tony Shalhoub, Traylor Howard, Jason Gray-Stanford, Melora Hardin, Hector Elizondo


Big Hero 6: 2014 | PG | 102 min | 7.735 rating
A special bond develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes.
Cast: Scott Adsit, Ryan Potter, Daniel Henney, T.J. Miller, Jamie Chung


Sonic the Hedgehog 2: 2022 | PG | 123 min | 7.6 rating
After settling in Green Hills, Sonic is eager to prove he has what it takes to be a true hero. His test comes when Dr. Robotnik returns, this time with a new partner, Knuckles, in search for an emerald that has the power to destroy civilizations. Sonic teams up with his own sidekick, Tails, and together they embark on a globe-trotting journey to find the emerald before it falls into the wrong hands.
Cast: Ben Schwartz, James Marsden, Tika Sumpter, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, Idris Elba


The Feast of Amrita: 2023 | NR | 48 min | 0 rating
The story will center on a high school girl named Tamahi, who encounters strange creatures while navigating a gigantic apartment building.
Cast: Maaya Uchida, Mamiko Noto, Kana Hanazawa, Moemi Otaka


Chicken Run: 2000 | G | 84 min | 6.773 rating
The creators of Wallace & Gromit bring you an exciting and original story about a group of chickens determined to fly the coop–even if they can’t fly! It’s hardly poultry in motion when Rocky attempts to teach Ginger and her feathered friends to fly…but, with teamwork, determination and a little bit o’ cluck, the fearless flock plots one last attempt in a spectacular bid for freedom.
Cast: Julia Sawalha, Mel Gibson, Imelda Staunton, Jane Horrocks, Lynn Ferguson


Higop: 2023 | NR | 113 min | 0 rating
Noah has been longing for his ex-girlfriend Ysa, who now works in a milk tea shop. As he pursues Ysa again, he learns that the real product they serve are the ladies.
Cast: Angelica Hart, Josef Elizalde, Fabio Ide, Lester Llansang, Zsara Tiblani


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem: 2023 | PG | 100 min | 7.282 rating
After years of being sheltered from the human world, the Turtle brothers set out to win the hearts of New Yorkers and be accepted as normal teenagers through heroic acts. Their new friend April O'Neil helps them take on a mysterious crime syndicate, but they soon get in over their heads when an army of mutants is unleashed upon them.
Cast: Micah Abbey, Shamon Brown Jr., Nicolas Cantu, Brady Noon, Ayo Edebiri


Avengers: Infinity War: 2018 | PG-13 | 149 min | 8.252 rating
As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson


Mega Lightning: 2022 | NR | 90 min | 4.5 rating
After a violent thunderstorm scares a house party, the guests flee to a nearby home for shelter.. only to discover, a more sinister hand is at play.. Now, they can't escape the strangers home due to the thunderstorm, but they can't stay inside due to the danger that follows them.
Cast: May Kelly, Kelly Rian Sanson, Gillian Broderick, Chris Cordell, Richard Kovacs


Nowhere: 2023 | R | 109 min | 7.497 rating
A young pregnant woman named Mia escapes from a country at war by hiding in a maritime container aboard a cargo ship. After a violent storm, Mia gives birth to the child while lost at sea, where she must fight to survive.
Cast: Anna Castillo, Tamar Novas, Irina Bravo, Victoria Teijeiro, Lucia Soria


V/H/S/85: 2023 |  | 110 min | 6.5 rating
Unveiled through a made-for-TV documentary, five chilling tales of found footage horror emerge to take viewers on a gore-filled journey through the grim underbelly of the forgotten 1980s.
Cast: Alex Galick, Anna Sundberg, Chelsey Grant, Toussaint Morrison, Tyler Noble


The Little Mermaid: 2023 | PG | 135 min | 6.472 rating
The youngest of King Triton’s daughters, and the most defiant, Ariel longs to find out more about the world beyond the sea, and while visiting the surface, falls for the dashing Prince Eric. With mermaids forbidden to interact with humans, Ariel makes a deal with the evil sea witch, Ursula, which gives her a chance to experience life on land, but ultimately places her life – and her father’s crown – in jeopardy.
Cast: Halle Bailey, Jonah Hauer-King, Daveed Diggs, Awkwafina, Jacob Tremblay


Lamborghini: The Man Behind the Legend: 2022 | R | 97 min | 6.469 rating
Follow the launch of Lamborghini’s career as a manufacturer of tractors, a creator of military vehicles during World War II, and the designer of Lamborghini cars, which he launched in 1963 as the high-end sports car company Automobili Lamborghini.
Cast: Frank Grillo, Romano Reggiani, Gabriel Byrne, Matteo Leoni, Hannah van der Westhuysen


The Equalizer: 2014 | R | 132 min | 7.263 rating
McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets Teri, a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can’t stand idly by – he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless, McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem, if the odds are stacked against them, if they have nowhere else to turn, McCall will help. He is The Equalizer.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Marton Csokas, Chloë Grace Moretz, David Harbour, Haley Bennett


Stolen Vacation: 2023 | R | 92 min | 7 rating
After years without a proper vacation, a debt-ridden family heads to San Antonio, Texas, with plans to spend a big wad of cash — if only it was theirs.
Cast: Bruno Bichir, Ana Claudia Talancón, Germán Bracco, Irka Castillo, Hernán del Riego


Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Following their explosive showdown, Godzilla and Kong must reunite against a colossal undiscovered threat hidden within our world, challenging their very existence – and our own.
Cast: Rebecca Hall, Brian Tyree Henry, Dan Stevens, Kaylee Hottle, Alex Ferns


Your Christmas or Mine 2: 2023 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.9 rating
They've swapped Christmas – again. Can Hayley and James' relationship survive another turbulent family Christmas or has their future together gone off-piste?!
Cast: Asa Butterfield, Cora Kirk, Alex Jennings, Angela Griffin, Daniel Mays


Meteor Storm: 2010 | NR | 90 min | 4.6 rating
San Francisco becomes a target for waves of destructive meteors after a rogue comet orbits around the earth... For astronomer, Michelle Young, what was meant to be a once-in-a-lifetime celestial event, soon turns into her worst nightmare as thousands of meteors break the surface of the atmosphere and bombard the city of San Francisco.
Cast: Michael Trucco, Kari Matchett, Brett Dier, Eric Johnson, Kevin McNulty


Heroic: 2023 |  | 88 min | 7.391 rating
Luis, an 18-year-old boy with Indigenous roots, enters the Heroic Military College in hopes of ensuring a better future. There, he encounters a rigid and institutionally violent system designed to turn him into a perfect soldier.
Cast: Santiago Sandoval, Fernando Cuautle, Mónica del Carmen, Esteban Caicedo, Isabel Yudice


Inside Out: 2015 | PG | 95 min | 7.9 rating
Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions— Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness—live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school.
Cast: Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Bill Hader, Kaitlyn Dias, Richard Kind


Babylon A.D.: 2008 | PG-13 | 101 min | 5.6 rating
A veteran-turned-mercenary is hired to take a young woman with a secret from post-apocalyptic Eastern Europe to New York City.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Michelle Yeoh, Mélanie Thierry, Lambert Wilson, Charlotte Rampling


Aragne: Sign of Vermillion: 2018 | NR | 75 min | 3 rating
A young woman in a decaying apartment complex finds herself seeing worms and moths everywhere, bursting out of beetles, animals, and people, and sets out to find how this is related to a rash of murders across the city.
Cast: Kana Hanazawa, Ayana Shiramoto, Fukujuro Katayama, Shogo Batori, Yosuke Ito


National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation: 1989 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.225 rating
It's Christmastime, and the Griswolds are preparing for a family seasonal celebration. But things never run smoothly for Clark, his wife Ellen, and their two kids. Clark's continual bad luck is worsened by his obnoxious family guests, but he manages to keep going, knowing that his Christmas bonus is due soon.
Cast: Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Juliette Lewis, Johnny Galecki, John Randolph


Godzilla: King of the Monsters: 2019 | PG-13 | 132 min | 6.7 rating
Follows the heroic efforts of the crypto-zoological agency Monarch as its members face off against a battery of god-sized monsters, including the mighty Godzilla, who collides with Mothra, Rodan, and his ultimate nemesis, the three-headed King Ghidorah. When these ancient super-species, thought to be mere myths, rise again, they all vie for supremacy, leaving humanity's very existence hanging in the balance.
Cast: Kyle Chandler, Vera Farmiga, Millie Bobby Brown, Ken Watanabe, Zhang Ziyi


Girl Next: 2021 |  | 102 min | 5.6 rating
A young woman is abducted by a strange group of human traffickers who use drug and trauma based mind control to turn women into "Sofia" dolls. Trapped in a waking nightmare she fights for a way to escape, to avoid becoming Girl Next.
Cast: Rachel Alig, Larry Wade Carrell, Paula Marcenaro Solinger, Marcus Jean Pirae, Lacey Cofran


Frozen II: 2019 | PG | 103 min | 7.267 rating
Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf head far into the forest to learn the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom.
Cast: Idina Menzel, Kristen Bell, Josh Gad, Jonathan Groff, Evan Rachel Wood


Family Switch: 2023 | PG | 106 min | 6.4 rating
When the Walker family members switch bodies with each other during a rare planetary alignment, their hilarious journey to find their way back to normal will bring them closer together than they ever thought possible.
Cast: Jennifer Garner, Ed Helms, Emma Myers, Brady Noon, Rita Moreno


Big Tit Monastery: 1995 | NR | 60 min | 7.2 rating
Sawano, an ordinary office worker, has worries that he cannot tell anyone about.
Cast: Kozue Aoki, Mariko Morikawa, Ryo Kurihara, Kan'ichi Hiraga, Mariko Momokawa


Black Adam: 2022 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.993 rating
Nearly 5,000 years after he was bestowed with the almighty powers of the Egyptian gods—and imprisoned just as quickly—Black Adam is freed from his earthly tomb, ready to unleash his unique form of justice on the modern world.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Aldis Hodge, Noah Centineo, Sarah Shahi, Quintessa Swindell


Spider-Man: Homecoming: 2017 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.343 rating
Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges.
Cast: Tom Holland, Michael Keaton, Robert Downey Jr., Marisa Tomei, Jon Favreau


The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1: 2014 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.803 rating
Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: 2014 | PG-13 | 101 min | 5.905 rating
When a kingpin threatens New York City, a group of mutated turtle warriors must emerge from the shadows to protect their home.
Cast: Megan Fox, Will Arnett, William Fichtner, Danny Woodburn, Abby Elliott


The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring: 2001 | PG-13 | 179 min | 8.407 rating
Young hobbit Frodo Baggins, after inheriting a mysterious ring from his uncle Bilbo, must leave his home in order to keep it from falling into the hands of its evil creator. Along the way, a fellowship is formed to protect the ringbearer and make sure that the ring arrives at its final destination: Mt. Doom, the only place where it can be destroyed.
Cast: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Sean Astin, Viggo Mortensen, Christopher Lee


Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban: 2004 | PG | 141 min | 8.02 rating
Year three at Hogwarts means new fun and challenges as Harry learns the delicate art of approaching a Hippogriff, transforming shape-shifting Boggarts into hilarity and even turning back time. But the term also brings danger: soul-sucking Dementors hover over the school, an ally of the accursed He-Who-Cannot-Be-Named lurks within the castle walls, and fearsome wizard Sirius Black escapes Azkaban. And Harry will confront them all.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Robbie Coltrane, Michael Gambon


The Velveteen Rabbit: 2023 | G | 44 min | 7.2 rating
When seven-year-old William receives a new favorite toy for Christmas, he discovers a lifelong friend and unlocks a world of magic.
Cast: Phoenix Laroche, Ellie Mejia, Samantha Colley, Leonard Buckley, Conor Hamill


Black Panther: Wakanda Forever: 2022 | PG-13 | 162 min | 7.164 rating
Queen Ramonda, Shuri, M’Baku, Okoye and the Dora Milaje fight to protect their nation from intervening world powers in the wake of King T’Challa’s death.  As the Wakandans strive to embrace their next chapter, the heroes must band together with the help of War Dog Nakia and Everett Ross and forge a new path for the kingdom of Wakanda.
Cast: Letitia Wright, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Winston Duke, Dominique Thorne


The Lesson: 2023 | R | 103 min | 6.2 rating
Liam, an aspiring and ambitious young writer, eagerly accepts a tutoring position at the family estate of his idol, renowned author J.M. Sinclair. But soon, Liam realizes that he is ensnared in a web of family secrets, resentment, and retribution. Sinclair, his wife Hélène, and their son Bertie all guard a dark past, one that threatens Liam’s future as well as their own.
Cast: Richard E. Grant, Julie Delpy, Daryl McCormack, Stephen McMillan, Crispin Letts


Miraculous: Ladybug & Cat Noir, The Movie: 2023 | PG | 107 min | 7.791 rating
A life of an ordinary Parisian teenager Marinette goes superhuman when she becomes Ladybug. Bestowed with magical powers of creation, Ladybug must unite with her opposite, Cat Noir, to save Paris as a new villain unleashes chaos unto the city.
Cast: Annouck Hautbois, Benjamin Bollen, Fanny Bloc, Alexandre N'Guyen, Antoine Tomé


Aquaman: 2018 | PG-13 | 143 min | 6.899 rating
Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth, Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal, Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry, Orm's half-human, half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne.
Cast: Jason Momoa, Amber Heard, Willem Dafoe, Patrick Wilson, Nicole Kidman


Logan: 2017 | R | 137 min | 7.818 rating
In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives, pursued by dark forces.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Dafne Keen, Patrick Stewart, Elizabeth Rodriguez, Boyd Holbrook


White Sky: 2021 | NR | 105 min | 3 rating
When three campers witness an alien mothership descending on their town and turning the population into "Altered" human beings, they team up with a reclusive stranger who offers to guide them to safety. As they're chased deep into the forest and one of them becomes infected, they realize there's nowhere to hide from the Altered horde that seems intent upon finding and assimilating them.
Cast: Makenna Guyler, Natalie Martins, Ade Dimberline, Jordan Mcfarlane


Encanto: 2021 | PG | 102 min | 7.622 rating
The tale of an extraordinary family, the Madrigals, who live hidden in the mountains of Colombia, in a magical house, in a vibrant town, in a wondrous, charmed place called an Encanto. The magic of the Encanto has blessed every child in the family—every child except one, Mirabel. But when she discovers that the magic surrounding the Encanto is in danger, Mirabel decides that she, the only ordinary Madrigal, might just be her exceptional family's last hope.
Cast: Stephanie Beatriz, María Cecilia Botero, John Leguizamo, Diane Guerrero, Jessica Darrow


Godzilla: 2014 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.3 rating
Ford Brody, a Navy bomb expert, has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father, Joe. Soon, both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when an ancient alpha predator arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake, as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco.
Cast: Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Elizabeth Olsen, Juliette Binoche, Bryan Cranston, Ken Watanabe


Radical: 2023 |  | 127 min | 7.6 rating
In a Mexican border town plagued by neglect, corruption, and violence, a frustrated teacher tries a radical new method to break through his students’ apathy and unlock their curiosity, their potential… and maybe even their genius.
Cast: Eugenio Derbez, Daniel Haddad, Jennifer Trejo, Mia Fernanda Solis, Danilo Guardiola Escobar


The Last Voyage of the Demeter: 2023 | R | 119 min | 7.12 rating
The crew of the merchant ship Demeter attempts to survive the ocean voyage from Carpathia to London as they are stalked each night by a merciless presence onboard the ship.
Cast: Corey Hawkins, Aisling Franciosi, David Dastmalchian, Javier Botet, Liam Cunningham


Blood Widow: 2014 |  | 84 min | 4.838 rating
Laurie and Hugh are a successful young couple who have just closed on a weekend home away from the city. Unbeknownst to them, the neighboring property contains the crumbling remains of a boarding school that was shuttered in the wake of an unspeakable massacre. The sole survivor of that massacre still resides in the ruins of the school, hiding from the world and wanting only to be left alone. When Laurie and Hugh's friends explore the property, they have no idea that they disturbed an emotionally-broken killing machine: The Blood Widow.
Cast: Danielle Lilley, Brandon Kyle Peters, Christopher de Padua, Jose Miguel Vasquez, Kelly Kilgore


When Evil Lurks: 2023 | NR | 99 min | 7.191 rating
Residents of a small rural town discover that a demon is about to be born among them. They desperately try to escape before the evil is born, but it may be too late.
Cast: Ezequiel Rodríguez, Demián Salomón, Silvina Sabater, Virginia Garófalo, Emilio Vodanovich


Denard: Anatomy of an Antihero: 2021 | NR | 80 min | 6 rating
A vigilante, Franck Denard, is released from prison after serving 10-years for a crime he didn't commit. Discovering he's on borrowed time with a terminal illness, he sets out for one last blood-thirsty fight seeking redemption and vengeance.
Cast: Alan Delabie, Abdel Qissi, Louis Mandylor, Michel Qissi, Silvio Simac


The Maze Runner: 2014 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.2 rating
Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow “runners” for a shot at escape.
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Ki Hong Lee, Aml Ameen, Blake Cooper


A Christmas Carol: 2009 | PG | 94 min | 6.872 rating
Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Gary Oldman, Colin Firth, Robin Wright, Cary Elwes


The Monkey King: Reborn: 2021 |  | 95 min | 7.179 rating
When the irritable monkey king visits a temple together with his master Tang Monk, he feels offended because of a trifle and thereupon accidentally destroys a magic tree growing on the sacred ground. This brings an ancient demon king back to life, who promptly kidnaps Tang Monk to take revenge for his long imprisonment. The monkey king and his followers have only three days to not only save their master but also to prevent the demon king from regaining his full powers and destroying the world…
Cast: Jiang Bian, Haiting Cai, Su Shangqing, Zhang Lei, He Zhang


The Godfather: 1972 | R | 175 min | 8.7 rating
Spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch, Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life, his youngest son, Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers, launching a campaign of bloody revenge.
Cast: Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Richard S. Castellano


Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: 2019 | PG-13 | 142 min | 6.354 rating
The surviving Resistance faces the First Order once again as the journey of Rey, Finn and Poe Dameron continues. With the power and knowledge of generations behind them, the final battle begins.
Cast: Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley, Adam Driver, John Boyega


Carl's Date: 2023 | G | 9 min | 7.59 rating
Carl Fredricksen reluctantly agrees to go on a date with a lady friend—but admittedly has no idea how dating works these days. Ever the helpful friend, Dug steps in to calm Carl's pre-date jitters and offer some tried-and-true tips for making friends—if you're a dog.
Cast: Ed Asner, Bob Peterson


Jimmy Timmy Power Hour: 2004 | G | 50 min | 7.1 rating
Mayhem reigns supreme in the animated kingdom as whiz kid Jimmy Neutron and Timmy from "The Fairly Oddparents" swap places in each other's worlds.
Cast: Debi Derryberry, Tara Strong, Megan Cavanagh, Mark DeCarlo, Rob Paulsen


Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire: 2005 | PG-13 | 157 min | 7.815 rating
When Harry Potter's name emerges from the Goblet of Fire, he becomes a competitor in a grueling battle for glory among three wizarding schools—the Triwizard Tournament. But since Harry never submitted his name for the Tournament, who did? Now Harry must confront a deadly dragon, fierce water demons and an enchanted maze only to find himself in the cruel grasp of He Who Must Not Be Named.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Brendan Gleeson, Michael Gambon


One Piece: Episode of Skypiea: 2018 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.875 rating
One day, a giant ship falls onto the Straw Hats from the sky. After a narrow escape, and while they are still in shock, a map to the “Sky Island” is carried to them by the wind. While researching for the way there, they meet another pirate and learn that he is a descendant of an infamous Sky Island explorer who was even depicted in a picture book “Noland The Liar” four centuries ago. However, Noland was possibly not a liar after all and might actually have gone to the Sky Island.
Cast: Mayumi Tanaka, Kazuya Nakai, Akemi Okamura, Kappei Yamaguchi, Hiroaki Hirata


Alien: Covenant: 2017 | R | 122 min | 6.095 rating
Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world—which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition.
Cast: Michael Fassbender, Katherine Waterston, Billy Crudup, Danny McBride, Demián Bichir


Hotel Transylvania: Transformania: 2022 | PG | 92 min | 7.004 rating
When Van Helsing's mysterious invention, the "Monsterfication Ray," goes haywire, Drac and his monster pals are all transformed into humans, and Johnny becomes a monster. In their new mismatched bodies, Drac and Johnny must team up and race across the globe to find a cure before it's too late, and before they drive each other crazy.
Cast: Brian Hull, Selena Gomez, Andy Samberg, Kathryn Hahn, Jim Gaffigan


Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets: 2002 | PG | 161 min | 7.72 rating
Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione’s magical abilities and courage.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Kenneth Branagh, Toby Jones


Avatar: 2009 | PG-13 | 162 min | 7.575 rating
In the 22nd century, a paraplegic Marine is dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission, but becomes torn between following orders and protecting an alien civilization.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldaña, Stephen Lang, Michelle Rodriguez, Sigourney Weaver


Titanic: 1997 | PG-13 | 194 min | 7.901 rating
101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic, 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiancé. Meanwhile, Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death—on its first and last voyage—on April 15, 1912.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet, Billy Zane, Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher


Frozen: 2013 | PG | 102 min | 7.246 rating
Young princess Anna of Arendelle dreams about finding true love at her sister Elsa’s coronation. Fate takes her on a dangerous journey in an attempt to end the eternal winter that has fallen over the kingdom. She's accompanied by ice delivery man Kristoff, his reindeer Sven, and snowman Olaf. On an adventure where she will find out what friendship, courage, family, and true love really means.
Cast: Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff, Josh Gad, Santino Fontana


Interstellar: 2014 | PG-13 | 169 min | 8.422 rating
The adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, Bill Irwin


Rascal Does Not Dream of a Sister Venturing Out: 2023 |  | 74 min | 8.056 rating
After a draining December, Sakuta is quickly nearing the end of his second year of high school. Since Mai is a third-year student, they don't have much time left together before graduation rolls around. Meanwhile, his sister, Kaede, is slowly but steadily venturing outdoors again. Just as she begins to find her footing, she announces her most ambitious goal yet—attending her brother's high school! Sakuta knows better than anyone how difficult this will be for Kaede, and he's ready to support her however he can. He's just not sure if that's what's best for her...or what she really wants...
Cast: Kaito Ishikawa, Asami Seto, Yurika Kubo, Nao Toyama, Atsumi Tanezaki


Shazam! Fury of the Gods: 2023 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.638 rating
Billy Batson and his foster siblings, who transform into superheroes by saying "Shazam!", are forced to get back into action and fight the Daughters of Atlas, who they must stop from using a weapon that could destroy the world.
Cast: Zachary Levi, Asher Angel, Jack Dylan Grazer, Rachel Zegler, Adam Brody


The Night Crew: 2015 | NR | 89 min | 5.4 rating
A group of hard up bounty hunters must survive the night in a desert motel against a horde of savage cartel killers. They soon realize that their fugitive, a mysterious Chinese woman, is much more than she lets on.
Cast: Jason Mewes, Danny Trejo, Chasty Ballesteros, Luke Goss, Bokeem Woodbine


Violent Night: 2022 | R | 112 min | 7.428 rating
When a team of mercenaries breaks into a wealthy family compound on Christmas Eve, taking everyone inside hostage, the team isn’t prepared for a surprise combatant: Santa Claus is on the grounds, and he’s about to show why this Nick is no saint.
Cast: David Harbour, John Leguizamo, Beverly D'Angelo, Alex Hassell, Alexis Louder


Monsters, Inc.: 2001 | G | 92 min | 7.838 rating
Lovable Sulley and his wisecracking sidekick Mike Wazowski are the top scare team at Monsters, Inc., the scream-processing factory in Monstropolis. When a little girl named Boo wanders into their world, it's the monsters who are scared silly, and it's up to Sulley and Mike to keep her out of sight and get her back home.
Cast: John Goodman, Billy Crystal, Mary Gibbs, Steve Buscemi, James Coburn


The Jester: 2023 | NR | 90 min | 4.8 rating
A malevolent being known as The Jester terrorizes the inhabitants of a small town on Halloween night, including two estranged sisters who must come together to find a way to defeat this evil entity.
Cast: Matt Servitto, Lelia Symington, Delaney White, Ken Arnold, Mary Jane Pentony


The Killer: 2023 | R | 118 min | 6.624 rating
After a fateful near-miss, an assassin battles his employers, and himself, on an international manhunt he insists isn't personal.
Cast: Michael Fassbender, Tilda Swinton, Charles Parnell, Arliss Howard, Kerry O'Malley


The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe: 2005 | PG | 143 min | 7.132 rating
Siblings Lucy, Edmund, Susan and Peter step through a magical wardrobe and find the land of Narnia. There, they discover a charming, once peaceful kingdom that has been plunged into eternal winter by the evil White Witch, Jadis. Aided by the wise and magnificent lion, Aslan, the children lead Narnia into a spectacular, climactic battle to be free of the Witch's glacial powers forever.
Cast: Georgie Henley, Skandar Keynes, William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Tilda Swinton


Inside Out 2: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Teenager Riley's mind headquarters is undergoing a sudden demolition to make room for something entirely unexpected: new Emotions! Joy, Sadness, Anger, Fear and Disgust, who’ve long been running a successful operation by all accounts, aren’t sure how to feel when Anxiety shows up. And it looks like she’s not alone.
Cast: Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Lewis Black, Tony Hale, Liza Lapira


Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2: 2011 | PG-13 | 130 min | 8.1 rating
Harry, Ron and Hermione continue their quest to vanquish the evil Voldemort once and for all. Just as things begin to look hopeless for the young wizards, Harry discovers a trio of magical objects that endow him with powers to rival Voldemort's formidable skills.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, Ralph Fiennes, Alan Rickman


The Suicide Squad: 2021 | R | 132 min | 7.551 rating
Supervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese.
Cast: Margot Robbie, Idris Elba, John Cena, Joel Kinnaman, Sylvester Stallone


Die Hard: 1988 | R | 132 min | 7.78 rating
NYPD cop John McClane's plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when, minutes after he arrives at her office, the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. With little help from the LAPD, wisecracking McClane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Alan Rickman, Alexander Godunov, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson


Texas Chainsaw 3D: 2013 | R | 92 min | 5.471 rating
A young woman learns that she has inherited a Texas estate from her deceased grandmother. After embarking on a road trip with friends to uncover her roots, she finds she is the sole owner of a lavish, isolated Victorian mansion. But her newfound wealth comes at a price as she stumbles upon a horror that awaits her in the mansion’s dank cellars.
Cast: Alexandra Daddario, Dan Yeager, Trey Songz, Tania Raymonde, Paul Rae


Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix: 2007 | PG-13 | 138 min | 7.685 rating
Returning for his fifth year of study at Hogwarts, Harry is stunned to find that his warnings about the return of Lord Voldemort have been ignored. Left with no choice, Harry takes matters into his own hands, training a small group of students to defend themselves against the dark arts.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Imelda Staunton, Helena Bonham Carter


The Wandering Earth II: 2023 | NR | 173 min | 7.249 rating
Humans built huge engines on the surface of the earth to find a new home. But the road to the universe is perilous. In order to save earth, young people once again have to step forward to start a race against time for life and death.
Cast: Andy Lau, Wu Jing, Sha Yi, Zhu-Yan Manzi, Li Xuejian


Tomorrowland: 2015 | PG | 130 min | 6.259 rating
Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland."
Cast: George Clooney, Hugh Laurie, Britt Robertson, Raffey Cassidy, Tim McGraw


Up: 2009 | PG | 96 min | 7.953 rating
Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78, life seems to have passed him by, until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life.
Cast: Ed Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo


Creed III: 2023 | PG-13 | 116 min | 7.2 rating
After dominating the boxing world, Adonis Creed has thrived in his career and family life. When a childhood friend and former boxing prodigy, Damian Anderson, resurfaces after serving a long sentence in prison, he is eager to prove that he deserves his shot in the ring. The face-off between former friends is more than just a fight. To settle the score, Adonis must put his future on the line to battle Damian — a fighter with nothing to lose.
Cast: Michael B. Jordan, Tessa Thompson, Jonathan Majors, Phylicia Rashād, Mila Davis-Kent


Top Gun: Maverick: 2022 | PG-13 | 131 min | 8.246 rating
After more than thirty years of service as one of the Navy’s top aviators, and dodging the advancement in rank that would ground him, Pete “Maverick” Mitchell finds himself training a detachment of TOP GUN graduates for a specialized mission the likes of which no living pilot has ever seen.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Miles Teller, Jennifer Connelly, Jon Hamm, Glen Powell


Turning Red: 2022 | PG | 100 min | 7.42 rating
Thirteen-year-old Mei is experiencing the awkwardness of being a teenager with a twist – when she gets too excited, she transforms into a giant red panda.
Cast: Rosalie Chiang, Sandra Oh, Ava Morse, Hyein Park, Maitreyi Ramakrishnan


The Batman: 2022 | PG-13 | 177 min | 7.698 rating
In his second year of fighting crime, Batman uncovers corruption in Gotham City that connects to his own family while facing a serial killer known as the Riddler.
Cast: Robert Pattinson, Zoë Kravitz, Paul Dano, Jeffrey Wright, John Turturro


Garfield: 2004 | PG | 80 min | 5.7 rating
Garfield, the fat, lazy, lasagna lover, has everything a cat could want. But when Jon, in an effort to impress the Liz - the vet and an old high-school crush - adopts a dog named Odie and brings him home, Garfield gets the one thing he doesn't want. Competition.
Cast: Bill Murray, Breckin Meyer, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Stephen Tobolowsky, Evan Arnold


Thor: Ragnarok: 2017 | PG-13 | 131 min | 7.594 rating
Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of a powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Tessa Thompson, Jeff Goldblum


Mortal Kombat Legends: Cage Match: 2023 | R | 80 min | 7.038 rating
In 1980s Hollywood, action star Johnny Cage is looking to become an A-list actor. But when his costar, Jennifer, goes missing from set, Johnny finds himself thrust into a world filled with shadows, danger, and deceit. As he embarks on a bloody journey, Johnny quickly discovers the City of Angels has more than a few devils in its midst.
Cast: Joel McHale, Jennifer Grey, Dusan Brown, Grey DeLisle, Robin Atkin Downes


57 Seconds: 2023 | R | 99 min | 5.872 rating
When a tech blogger lands an interview with a tech guru and stops an attack on him, he finds a mysterious ring that takes him back 57 seconds into the past.
Cast: Josh Hutcherson, Morgan Freeman, Greg Germann, Lovie Simone, Bevin Bru


Night Train: 2023 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.3 rating
Mother Holly McCord is driven to extremes to save the life of her young son. Even if it means hauling black market drugs in her souped-up truck, with the Feds in hot pursuit. With two bounties on her head and her son’s life on the line, Holly climbs behind the wheel of “Night Train,” ready to outrun, out gun, and outlast them all.
Cast: Danielle C. Ryan, Diora Baird, Joe Lando, Abraham Benrubi, Joseph D. Reitman


Saltburn: 2023 | R | 131 min | 7.2 rating
Struggling to find his place at Oxford University, student Oliver Quick finds himself drawn into the world of the charming and aristocratic Felix Catton, who invites him to Saltburn, his eccentric family's sprawling estate, for a summer never to be forgotten.
Cast: Barry Keoghan, Jacob Elordi, Rosamund Pike, Richard E. Grant, Alison Oliver


Dating Santa: 2023 |  | 98 min | 7.9 rating
Lucia is a consummate professional and the single mother of Leo, her beautiful and mischievous 6-year-old daughter, who is obsessed with Christmas and believes her birth was due to a Christmas miracle. Between her two full-time jobs (motherhood and architecture), she has neither the time nor the inclination to fall in love again, but when she reluctantly agrees to go on a blind date with Sergio, a handsome and likeable chef, the spark is undeniable.
Cast: Ana Serradilla, David Chocarro, Olivia Duflos


Ruby Gillman, Teenage Kraken: 2023 | PG | 91 min | 7.379 rating
Ruby Gillman, a sweet and awkward high school student, discovers she's a direct descendant of the warrior kraken queens. The kraken are sworn to protect the oceans of the world against the vain, power-hungry mermaids. Destined to inherit the throne from her commanding grandmother, Ruby must use her newfound powers to protect those she loves most.
Cast: Lana Condor, Toni Collette, Annie Murphy, Sam Richardson, Liza Koshy


After: 2019 | PG-13 | 106 min | 7.1 rating
Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life.
Cast: Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Shane Paul McGhie, Khadijha Red Thunder, Dylan Arnold


Shrek: 2001 | PG | 90 min | 7.7 rating
It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you're a likable (albeit smelly) ogre named Shrek. On a mission to retrieve a gorgeous princess from the clutches of a fire-breathing dragon, Shrek teams up with an unlikely compatriot -- a wisecracking donkey.
Cast: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, John Lithgow, Vincent Cassel


Knights of the Zodiac: 2023 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.602 rating
When a headstrong street orphan, Seiya, in search of his abducted sister unwittingly taps into hidden powers, he discovers he might be the only person alive who can protect a reincarnated goddess, sent to watch over humanity. Can he let his past go and embrace his destiny to become a Knight of the Zodiac?
Cast: Mackenyu, Madison Iseman, Diego Tinoco, Mark Dacascos, Nick Stahl


The Shawshank Redemption: 1994 | R | 142 min | 8.7 rating
Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope.
Cast: Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler, Clancy Brown


The Avengers: 2012 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.712 rating
When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins!
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson


Deadpool: 2016 | R | 108 min | 7.607 rating
The origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who, after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T.J. Miller, Gina Carano


X: 2022 | R | 106 min | 6.757 rating
In 1979, a group of young filmmakers set out to make an adult film in rural Texas, but when their reclusive, elderly hosts catch them in the act, the cast find themselves fighting for their lives.
Cast: Mia Goth, Jenna Ortega, Brittany Snow, Kid Cudi, Martin Henderson


Poor Things: 2023 | R | 141 min | 9 rating
Brought back to life by an unorthodox scientist, a young woman runs off with a debauched lawyer on a whirlwind adventure across the continents. Free from the prejudices of her times, she grows steadfast in her purpose to stand for equality and liberation.
Cast: Emma Stone, Mark Ruffalo, Willem Dafoe, Ramy Youssef, Jerrod Carmichael


Cruella: 2021 | PG-13 | 134 min | 8.045 rating
In 1970s London amidst the punk rock revolution, a young grifter named Estella is determined to make a name for herself with her designs. She befriends a pair of young thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief, and together they are able to build a life for themselves on the London streets. One day, Estella’s flair for fashion catches the eye of the Baroness von Hellman, a fashion legend who is devastatingly chic and terrifyingly haute. But their relationship sets in motion a course of events and revelations that will cause Estella to embrace her wicked side and become the raucous, fashionable and revenge-bent Cruella.
Cast: Emma Stone, Emma Thompson, Joel Fry, Paul Walter Hauser, Mark Strong


Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania: 2023 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.394 rating
Super-Hero partners Scott Lang and Hope van Dyne, along with with Hope's parents Janet van Dyne and Hank Pym, and Scott's daughter Cassie Lang, find themselves exploring the Quantum Realm, interacting with strange new creatures and embarking on an adventure that will push them beyond the limits of what they thought possible.
Cast: Paul Rudd, Evangeline Lilly, Jonathan Majors, Kathryn Newton, Michelle Pfeiffer


xXx: Return of Xander Cage: 2017 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.139 rating
Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile, thought to be long dead, and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts, Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Donnie Yen, Ruby Rose, Toni Collette, Samuel L. Jackson


Jurassic World Dominion: 2022 | PG-13 | 147 min | 6.763 rating
Four years after Isla Nublar was destroyed, dinosaurs now live—and hunt—alongside humans all over the world. This fragile balance will reshape the future and determine, once and for all, whether human beings are to remain the apex predators ona planet they now share with history's most fearsome creatures.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, Laura Dern, Sam Neill, Jeff Goldblum


Rally Road Racers: 2023 | PG | 93 min | 7.4 rating
Zhi, a rookie race car driver, gets the opportunity to compete against the reigning champion of the rally car circuit. With help from a former driver-turned-mechanic, Zhi must overcome treacherous terrain, rival racers, and unexpected obstacles to prove he has what it takes to be the next great racer.
Cast: Jimmy O. Yang, Lisa Lu, Chloe Bennet, J.K. Simmons, Catherine Tate


The Kill Room: 2023 | R | 98 min | 6.286 rating
A hitman, his boss, an art dealer and a money-laundering scheme that accidentally turns the assassin into an overnight avant-garde sensation, one that forces her to play the art world against the underworld.
Cast: Uma Thurman, Joe Manganiello, Samuel L. Jackson, Maya Hawke, Debi Mazar


Kandahar: 2023 | R | 119 min | 6.933 rating
After his mission is exposed, an undercover CIA operative stuck deep in hostile territory in Afghanistan must fight his way out, alongside his Afghan translator, to an extraction point in Kandahar, all whilst avoiding elite enemy forces and foreign spies tasked with hunting them down.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Navid Negahban, Travis Fimmel, Ali Fazal, Bahador Foladi


The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies: 2014 | PG-13 | 144 min | 7.312 rating
Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands.
Cast: Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Richard Armitage, Luke Evans, Orlando Bloom


Believer 2: 2023 | R | 116 min | 7 rating
A determined detective continues his search for the truth behind Asia's largest drug organization and its elusive boss he has unfinished business with.
Cast: Cho Jin-woong, Cha Seung-won, Han Hyo-joo, Oh Seung-hoon, Lee Joo-young


Priscilla: 2023 |  | 110 min | 7.2 rating
When teenage Priscilla Beaulieu meets Elvis Presley at a party, the man who is already a meteoric rock-and-roll superstar becomes someone entirely unexpected in private moments: a thrilling crush, an ally in loneliness, a vulnerable best friend.
Cast: Cailee Spaeny, Jacob Elordi, Ari Cohen, Dagmara Domińczyk, Tim Post


Thanksgiving: 2023 | R | 106 min | 6.313 rating
After a Black Friday riot ends in tragedy, a mysterious Thanksgiving-inspired killer terrorizes Plymouth, Massachusetts - the birthplace of the holiday. Picking off residents one by one, what begins as random revenge killings are soon revealed to be part of a larger, sinister holiday plan.
Cast: Patrick Dempsey, Nell Verlaque, Addison Rae, Jalen Thomas Brooks, Milo Manheim


Ice Age: 2002 | PG | 81 min | 7.4 rating
With the impending ice age almost upon them, a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters – Manny the woolly mammoth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth – find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way, the unlikely allies become friends but, when enemies attack, their quest takes on far nobler aims.
Cast: Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Goran Visnjic, Jack Black


Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves: 2023 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.411 rating
A charming thief and a band of unlikely adventurers undertake an epic heist to retrieve a lost relic, but things go dangerously awry when they run afoul of the wrong people.
Cast: Chris Pine, Michelle Rodriguez, Justice Smith, Sophia Lillis, Hugh Grant


No Hard Feelings: 2023 | R | 104 min | 7.053 rating
On the brink of losing her childhood home, Maddie discovers an intriguing job listing: wealthy helicopter parents looking for someone to “date” their introverted 19-year-old son, Percy, before he leaves for college. To her surprise, Maddie soon discovers the awkward Percy is no sure thing.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Andrew Barth Feldman, Laura Benanti, Matthew Broderick, Natalie Morales


Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice: 2016 | PG-13 | 152 min | 5.957 rating
Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City’s own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis’s most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it’s ever known before.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Jesse Eisenberg, Gal Gadot, Amy Adams


Luck: 2022 | G | 105 min | 7.84 rating
Suddenly finding herself in the never-before-seen Land of Luck, the unluckiest person in the world must unite with the magical creatures there to turn her luck around.
Cast: Eva Noblezada, Simon Pegg, Jane Fonda, Whoopi Goldberg, Flula Borg


Iké Boys: 2022 |  | 88 min | 5.5 rating
Two Japan-obsessed teenagers in Oklahoma must discover their inner hero when a magical anime transforms them into its super-powered characters.
Cast: Quinn Lord, Ronak Gandhi, Christina Higa, Billy Zane, Yumiko Shaku


The Hunger Games: Catching Fire: 2013 | PG-13 | 146 min | 7.426 rating
Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends, embarking on a "Victor's Tour" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering, but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks


Self/less: 2015 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.408 rating
An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Ben Kingsley, Natalie Martinez, Matthew Goode, Michelle Dockery


Dune: 2021 | PG-13 | 155 min | 7.787 rating
Paul Atreides, a brilliant and gifted young man born into a great destiny beyond his understanding, must travel to the most dangerous planet in the universe to ensure the future of his family and his people. As malevolent forces explode into conflict over the planet's exclusive supply of the most precious resource in existence-a commodity capable of unlocking humanity's greatest potential-only those who can conquer their fear will survive.
Cast: Timothée Chalamet, Rebecca Ferguson, Oscar Isaac, Josh Brolin, Stellan Skarsgård


Heart of Stone: 2023 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.869 rating
An intelligence operative for a shadowy global peacekeeping agency races to stop a hacker from stealing its most valuable — and dangerous — weapon.
Cast: Gal Gadot, Jamie Dornan, Alia Bhatt, Sophie Okonedo, Matthias Schweighöfer


After Ever Happy: 2022 | R | 95 min | 6.851 rating
As a shocking truth about a couple's families emerges, the two lovers discover they are not so different from each other. Tessa is no longer the sweet, simple, good girl she was when she met Hardin — any more than he is the cruel, moody boy she fell so hard for.
Cast: Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Louise Lombard, Chance Perdomo, Rob Estes


Venom: Let There Be Carnage: 2021 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.822 rating
After finding a host body in investigative reporter Eddie Brock, the alien symbiote must face a new enemy, Carnage, the alter ego of serial killer Cletus Kasady.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Woody Harrelson, Michelle Williams, Naomie Harris, Reid Scott


Jujutsu Kaisen 0: 2021 | PG-13 | 105 min | 8.206 rating
Yuta Okkotsu is a nervous high school student who is suffering from a serious problem—his childhood friend Rika has turned into a curse and won't leave him alone. Since Rika is no ordinary curse, his plight is noticed by Satoru Gojo, a teacher at Jujutsu High, a school where fledgling exorcists learn how to combat curses. Gojo convinces Yuta to enroll, but can he learn enough in time to confront the curse that haunts him?
Cast: Megumi Ogata, Kana Hanazawa, Yuichi Nakamura, Takahiro Sakurai, Mikako Komatsu


Renegades: 2022 | R | 91 min | 5.333 rating
When a retired Green Beret soldier is murdered by an Albanian drug gang in London, four of his veteran SAS comrades set out to avenge him, dispensing their own brand of justice on the streets of London.
Cast: Nick Moran, Lee Majors, Ian Ogilvy, Patsy Kensit, Louis Mandylor


Silent Night: 2023 | R | 104 min | 6.6 rating
A tormented father witnesses his young son die when caught in a gang's crossfire on Christmas Eve. While recovering from a wound that costs him his voice, he makes vengeance his life's mission and embarks on a punishing training regimen in order to avenge his son's death.
Cast: Joel Kinnaman, Kid Cudi, Harold Torres, Catalina Sandino Moreno, Yoko Hamamura


The Holdovers: 2023 | R | 133 min | 7.7 rating
A curmudgeonly instructor at a New England prep school is forced to remain on campus during Christmas break to babysit the handful of students with nowhere to go. Eventually, he forms an unlikely bond with one of them — a damaged, brainy troublemaker — and with the school’s head cook, who has just lost a son in Vietnam.
Cast: Paul Giamatti, Dominic Sessa, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Carrie Preston, Brady Hepner


Coraline: 2009 | PG | 100 min | 7.864 rating
A young girl discovers an idealized parallel universe behind a secret door in her new home, unaware that it contains a sinister secret.
Cast: Dakota Fanning, Teri Hatcher, Jennifer Saunders, Dawn French, Keith David


May December: 2023 |  | 117 min | 6.826 rating
Twenty years after their notorious tabloid romance gripped the nation, a married couple buckles under pressure when an actress arrives to do research for a film about their past.
Cast: Natalie Portman, Julianne Moore, Chris Tenzis, Charles Melton, Andrea Frankle


The Polar Express: 2004 | G | 100 min | 6.718 rating
When a doubting young boy takes an extraordinary train ride to the North Pole, he embarks on a journey of self-discovery that shows him that the wonder of life never fades for those who believe.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Leslie Zemeckis, Eddie Deezen, Nona Gaye, Peter Scolari


Joy Ride: 2023 | R | 95 min | 6.724 rating
When Audrey's business trip to Asia goes sideways, she enlists the aid of Lolo, her irreverent, childhood best friend who also happens to be a hot mess; Kat, her college friend turned Chinese soap star; and Deadeye, Lolo's eccentric cousin. Their no-holds-barred, epic experience becomes a journey of bonding, friendship, belonging, and wild debauchery that reveals the universal truth of what it means to know and love who you are.
Cast: Ashley Park, Sherry Cola, Stephanie Hsu, Sabrina Wu, David Denman


Shrek Forever After: 2010 | PG | 93 min | 6.356 rating
A bored and domesticated Shrek pacts with deal-maker Rumpelstiltskin to get back to feeling like a real ogre again, but when he's duped and sent to a twisted version of Far Far Away—where Rumpelstiltskin is king, ogres are hunted, and he and Fiona have never met—he sets out to restore his world and reclaim his true love.
Cast: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Walt Dohrn


Gone Girl: 2014 | R | 149 min | 7.892 rating
With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon


The Call of the Wild: 2020 | PG | 100 min | 7.57 rating
Buck is a big-hearted dog whose blissful domestic life is turned upside down when he is suddenly uprooted from his California home and transplanted to the exotic wilds of the Yukon during the Gold Rush of the 1890s. As the newest rookie on a mail delivery dog sled team—and later its leader—Buck experiences the adventure of a lifetime, ultimately finding his true place in the world and becoming his own master.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Dan Stevens, Colin Woodell, Karen Gillan, Omar Sy


Infinite: 2021 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.607 rating
Evan McCauley has skills he never learned and memories of places he has never visited. Self-medicated and on the brink of a mental breakdown, a secret group that call themselves “Infinites” come to his rescue, revealing that his memories are real.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Sophie Cookson, Jason Mantzoukas, Rupert Friend


Thor: Love and Thunder: 2022 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.501 rating
After his retirement is interrupted by Gorr the God Butcher, a galactic killer who seeks the extinction of the gods, Thor Odinson enlists the help of King Valkyrie, Korg, and ex-girlfriend Jane Foster, who now wields Mjolnir as the Mighty Thor. Together they embark upon a harrowing cosmic adventure to uncover the mystery of the God Butcher’s vengeance and stop him before it’s too late.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Christian Bale, Tessa Thompson, Taika Waititi


Anatomy of a Fall: 2023 | R | 152 min | 7.754 rating
A woman is suspected of her husband’s murder, and their blind son faces a moral dilemma as the sole witness.
Cast: Sandra Hüller, Swann Arlaud, Milo Machado-Graner, Antoine Reinartz, Saadia Bentaïeb


The Fox: 2023 | NR | 118 min | 7.8 rating
The true story of Franz Streitberger, the director’s great-grandfather, a motorcycle courier for the Austrian Army. At the beginning of the Second World War, this introverted young soldier comes across a wounded fox cub that he looks after and takes to occupied France with him – and through this unique friendship, his own past as an outcast farmers son slowly catches up with him.
Cast: Simon Morzé, Karl Markovics, Pit Bukowski, Karola  Niederhuber, Marko Kerezovic


There's Something in the Barn: 2023 |  | 100 min | 7.3 rating
An American family fulfills their dream of moving back to their roots after inheriting a remote cabin in the mountains of Norway. But there's a surprise waiting for them.
Cast: Martin Starr, Amrita Acharia, Kiran Shah, Townes Bunner, Zoe Winther-Hansen


The Fishbowl: 2023 |  | 93 min | 6.857 rating
As her cancer spreads, Noelia's ultimate decision is to return to her native Vieques, Puerto Rico, and claim her freedom to decide her own fate. She reunites with her friends and family, who are still dealing with the contamination of the U.S. Navy after 60 years of military practices.
Cast: Isel Rodriguez, Modesto Lacen, Magali Carrasquillo, Maximiliano Rivas, Georgina Borri


After We Collided: 2020 | R | 105 min | 7.2 rating
Tessa finds herself struggling with her complicated relationship with Hardin; she faces a dilemma that could change their lives forever.
Cast: Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Dylan Sprouse, Louise Lombard, Charlie Weber


After We Fell: 2021 | R | 99 min | 7.1 rating
Just as Tessa's life begins to become unglued, nothing is what she thought it would be. Not her friends nor her family. The only person that she should be able to rely on is Hardin, who is furious when he discovers the massive secret that she's been keeping. Before Tessa makes the biggest decision of her life, everything changes because of revelations about her family.
Cast: Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Louise Lombard, Chance Perdomo, Rob Estes


Around the World in 80 Days: 2021 |  | 82 min | 5.435 rating
Passepartout is a young and scholarly marmoset who always dreams of becoming an explorer. One day, he crosses paths with Phileas, a reckless and greedy frog, eager to take on a bet to circumnavigate the globe in 80 days and earn 10 million clams in the process. Seizing the opportunity of a lifetime to explore the world, Passepartout embarks with his new friend on a crazy and exhilarating adventure full of twists and surprises.
Cast: Damien Frette, Julien Crampon, Kaycie Chase, Céline Ronté, Véronique Augereau


The Boy and the Heron: 2023 |  | 124 min | 7.262 rating
While the Second World War rages, the teenage Mahito, haunted by his mother's tragic death, is relocated from Tokyo to the serene rural home of his new stepmother Natsuko, a woman who bears a striking resemblance to the boy's mother. As he tries to adjust, this strange new world grows even stranger following the appearance of a persistent gray heron, who perplexes and bedevils Mahito, dubbing him the "long-awaited one."
Cast: Soma Santoki, Masaki Suda, Ko Shibasaki, Aimyon, Yoshino Kimura


No One Will Save You: 2023 | PG-13 | 93 min | 6.791 rating
An exiled anxiety-ridden homebody must battle an alien who's found its way into her home.
Cast: Kaitlyn Dever, Elizabeth Kaluev, Zack Duhame, Lauren L. Murray, Geraldine Singer


Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince: 2009 | PG | 153 min | 7.7 rating
As Lord Voldemort tightens his grip on both the Muggle and wizarding worlds, Hogwarts is no longer a safe haven. Harry suspects perils may even lie within the castle, but Dumbledore is more intent upon preparing him for the final battle fast approaching. Together they work to find the key to unlock Voldemorts defenses and to this end, Dumbledore recruits his old friend and colleague Horace Slughorn, whom he believes holds crucial information. Even as the decisive showdown looms, romance blossoms for Harry, Ron, Hermione and their classmates. Love is in the air, but danger lies ahead and Hogwarts may never be the same again.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Jim Broadbent, Michael Gambon


NAGA: 2023 | R | 113 min | 5.55 rating
Stranded amid Riyadh's desert dunes, Sarah, a local Saudi girl, escapes heartaches and the vengeance of a vigorous camel after discreetly sneaking out of her parent's home for a romantic date that landed her astray.
Cast: Adwa Bader, Yazeed Almajyul, Jubran Al Jubran, Khalid Bin Shaddad, Amal Alharbi


Trees and Other Entanglements: 2023 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.5 rating
A poetic meditation on nature, mortality, and the passage of time in her exploration of our symbiotic nexus with trees. Weaving together several stories of arboreal adoration, unfolds as a deeply human tale of our connection to the natural world and to one another.
Cast: 


Fifty Shades Freed: 2018 | R | 105 min | 6.714 rating
Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins.
Cast: Dakota Johnson, Jamie Dornan, Eric Johnson, Luke Grimes, Rita Ora


Strays: 2023 | R | 93 min | 7.563 rating
When Reggie is abandoned on the mean city streets by his lowlife owner, Doug, Reggie is certain that his beloved owner would never leave him on purpose. But once Reggie falls in with Bug, a fast-talking, foul-mouthed stray who loves his freedom and believes that owners are for suckers, Reggie finally realizes he was in a toxic relationship and begins to see Doug for the heartless sleazeball that he is.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Jamie Foxx, Will Forte, Isla Fisher, Randall Park


Luca: 2021 | PG | 95 min | 7.853 rating
Luca and his best friend Alberto experience an unforgettable summer on the Italian Riviera. But all the fun is threatened by a deeply-held secret: they are sea monsters from another world just below the water’s surface.
Cast: Jacob Tremblay, Jack Dylan Grazer, Emma Berman, Saverio Raimondo, Maya Rudolph


Krampus: The Devil Returns: 2016 |  | 83 min | 5.083 rating
Five years after the murder of his wife and disappearance of his daughter, former police officer Jeremy Duffin is brought back to help in the hunt for a yuletide monster that punishes children that have been "naughty." As the monster becomes more erratic and unpredictable, Jeremy learns the truth about the disappearance of his daughter and the fate that has been bestowed upon him by an unlikely source. Can Jeremy finally end the nightmare Christmas monster that has terrorized this town for years?
Cast: Shawn C. Phillips, Melantha Blackthorne, R.A. Mihailoff, Tiffani Fest, Jason Hull


Hacksaw Ridge: 2016 | R | 139 min | 8.193 rating
WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first Conscientious Objector in American history to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor.
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Vince Vaughn, Teresa Palmer, Luke Bracey


Toy Story 3: 2010 | G | 103 min | 7.793 rating
Woody, Buzz, and the rest of Andy's toys haven't been played with in years. With Andy about to go to college, the gang find themselves accidentally left at a nefarious day care center. The toys must band together to escape and return home to Andy.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Don Rickles, Wallace Shawn


The Lake: 2022 |  | 104 min | 5.903 rating
When a mysterious monster rises from the Mekong River and attacked Bueng Kan, cuts off people from the outside world. Officials and people in the area, including Chinese scientists who accidentally came to conduct research in Thailand, all forces must be mobilized to catch this crazy monster before it's too late.
Cast: Theerapat Sajakul, Sushar Manaying, Supansa Wedkama, Thanachat Tullayachat, Wanmai Chatborirak


Scream VI: 2023 | R | 123 min | 7.12 rating
Following the latest Ghostface killings, the four survivors leave Woodsboro behind and start a fresh chapter.
Cast: Melissa Barrera, Jenna Ortega, Jasmin Savoy Brown, Mason Gooding, Jack Champion


Tangled: 2010 | PG | 100 min | 7.603 rating
When the kingdom's most wanted-and most charming-bandit Flynn Rider hides out in a mysterious tower, he's taken hostage by Rapunzel, a beautiful and feisty tower-bound teen with 70 feet of magical, golden hair. Flynn's curious captor, who's looking for her ticket out of the tower where she's been locked away for years, strikes a deal with the handsome thief and the unlikely duo sets off on an action-packed escapade, complete with a super-cop horse, an over-protective chameleon and a gruff gang of pub thugs.
Cast: Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi, Donna Murphy, Ron Perlman, Brad Garrett


Extraction 2: 2023 | R | 123 min | 7.478 rating
Tasked with extracting a family who is at the mercy of a Georgian gangster, Tyler Rake infiltrates one of the world's deadliest prisons in order to save them. But when the extraction gets hot, and the gangster dies in the heat of battle, his equally ruthless brother tracks down Rake and his team to Vienna, in order to get revenge.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Golshifteh Farahani, Adam Bessa, Tornike Gogrichiani, Tornike Bziava


Zack Snyder's Justice League: 2021 | R | 242 min | 8.185 rating
Determined to ensure Superman's ultimate sacrifice was not in vain, Bruce Wayne aligns forces with Diana Prince with plans to recruit a team of metahumans to protect the world from an approaching threat of catastrophic proportions.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Gal Gadot, Jason Momoa, Ezra Miller


How to Train Your Dragon: 2010 | PG | 98 min | 7.816 rating
As the son of a Viking leader on the cusp of manhood, shy Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III faces a rite of passage: he must kill a dragon to prove his warrior mettle. But after downing a feared dragon, he realizes that he no longer wants to destroy it, and instead befriends the beast – which he names Toothless – much to the chagrin of his warrior father.
Cast: Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill


Ratatouille: 2007 | G | 111 min | 7.8 rating
Remy, a resident of Paris, appreciates good food and has quite a sophisticated palate. He would love to become a chef so he can create and enjoy culinary masterpieces to his heart's delight. The only problem is, Remy is a rat. When he winds up in the sewer beneath one of Paris' finest restaurants, the rodent gourmet finds himself ideally placed to realize his dream.
Cast: Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano, Ian Holm, Brian Dennehy, Peter Sohn


Boudica: 2023 |  | 101 min | 6.033 rating
Inspired by events in A.D. 60, Boudica follows the eponymous Celtic warrior who rules the Iceni people alongside her husband Prasutagus. When he dies at the hands of Roman soldiers, Boudica’s kingdom is left without a male heir and the Romans seize her land and property.  Driven to the edge of madness and determined to avenge her husband’s death, Boudica rallies the various tribes from the region and wages an epic war against the mighty Roman empire.
Cast: Olga Kurylenko, Peter Franzén, Clive Standen, Lucy Martin, Nick Moran


PAW Patrol: The Movie: 2021 | G | 86 min | 7.425 rating
Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos.
Cast: Iain Armitage, Lilly Bartlam, Will Brisbin, Ron Pardo, Marsai Martin


More Than Ever: 2022 | NR | 123 min | 7 rating
Hélène, a 33-year-old woman from Bordeaux, France, lives happily as a couple with Mathieu, her husband of many years. Her life turns upside down the day she learns she has a rare lung disease. Thanks to a blog, she discovers Norway and decides to follow her instinct. Despite all the love she has for her life partner Mathieu, who is very supportive through her illness, she leaves him behind in France and will cross all Europe to Norway alone in search of a new path and to meet a blogger named Mister that she found on the internet.
Cast: Vicky Krieps, Gaspard Ulliel, Bjørn Floberg, Sophie Langevin, Valérie Bodson


Raya and the Last Dragon: 2021 | PG | 107 min | 7.9 rating
Long ago, in the fantasy world of Kumandra, humans and dragons lived together in harmony. But when an evil force threatened the land, the dragons sacrificed themselves to save humanity. Now, 500 years later, that same evil has returned and it’s up to a lone warrior, Raya, to track down the legendary last dragon to restore the fractured land and its divided people.
Cast: Kelly Marie Tran, Awkwafina, Gemma Chan, Alan Tudyk, Izaac Wang


Twilight: 2008 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.292 rating
When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest, she falls in love with Edward Cullen, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. Despite Edward's repeated cautions, Bella can't stay away from him, a fatal move that endangers her own life.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Billy Burke, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser


Room in Rome: 2010 |  | 109 min | 6.42 rating
A hotel room in the center of Rome serves as the setting for Alba and Natasha, two sexy and recently acquainted women, to have a physical adventure that touches their very souls.
Cast: Elena Anaya, Natasha Yarovenko, Enrico Lo Verso, Najwa Nimri, Ander Malles


Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse: 2018 | PG | 117 min | 8.406 rating
Struggling to find his place in the world while juggling school and family, Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales is unexpectedly bitten by a radioactive spider and develops unfathomable powers just like the one and only Spider-Man. While wrestling with the implications of his new abilities, Miles discovers a super collider created by the madman Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk, causing others from across the Spider-Verse to be inadvertently transported to his dimension.
Cast: Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry


The Mongolian Connection: 2019 | NR | 98 min | 6.5 rating
Working undercover on a human trafficking bust, maverick FBI agent Wade Dalton, captures Serick Ibrayev, a mysterious operative from the Mongolian underworld. With time running out, Wade must escort Serik back to Mongolia, and team up with hard-boiled police detective Ganzorig, to deliver Serik to court to testify against a crime Syndicate that will do anything to stop them.
Cast: Amarsaikhan Baljinnyam, Kaiwi Lyman, Sannjar Madi, Zhandos Aibassov, Tsetsegee Byamba


The Swordsman: 2020 | PG-13 | 101 min | 7.542 rating
After being blinded in a coup against the king, Joseon's greatest swordsman goes into hiding, far removed from his city's anguish. But when traffickers kidnap his daughter, he has no choice but to unsheathe his sword once more.
Cast: Jang Hyuk, Kim Hyun-soo, Joe Taslim, Jeong Man-sik, Jang Hyun-sung


Pure Imagination: The Story of 'Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory': 2001 |  | 30 min | 6.833 rating
Retrospective documentary on the making of the cult classic "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory."
Cast: Mel Stuart, David L. Wolper, Roald Dahl, David Seltzer, Gene Wilder


Cinderella: 2015 | PG | 105 min | 6.805 rating
When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods.
Cast: Lily James, Cate Blanchett, Richard Madden, Stellan Skarsgård, Holliday Grainger


It: 2017 | R | 135 min | 7.243 rating
In a small town in Maine, seven children known as The Losers Club come face to face with life problems, bullies and a monster that takes the shape of a clown called Pennywise.
Cast: Jaeden Martell, Sophia Lillis, Bill Skarsgård, Finn Wolfhard, Jack Dylan Grazer


20th Century Girl: 2022 | NR | 119 min | 8.222 rating
Yeon-du asks her best friend Bora to collect all the information she can about Baek Hyun-jin while she is away in the U.S. for heart surgery. Bora decides to get close to Baek's best friend, Pung Woon-ho first. However, Bora's clumsy plan unfolds in an unexpected direction. In 1999, a year before the new century, Bora, who turns seventeen, falls into the fever of first love.
Cast: Kim You-jung, Byeon Woo-seok, Park Jung-woo, Roh Yoon-seo, Kim Sung-kyung


Inception: 2010 | PG-13 | 148 min | 8.4 rating
Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: "inception", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ken Watanabe, Tom Hardy, Elliot Page


Hypnotic: 2023 |  | 94 min | 6.43 rating
A detective becomes entangled in a mystery involving his missing daughter and a secret government program while investigating a string of reality-bending crimes.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Alice Braga, J. D. Pardo, Dayo Okeniyi, Jeff Fahey


Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1: 2010 | PG-13 | 146 min | 7.762 rating
Harry, Ron and Hermione walk away from their last year at Hogwarts to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes, putting an end to Voldemort's bid for immortality. But with Harry's beloved Dumbledore dead and Voldemort's unscrupulous Death Eaters on the loose, the world is more dangerous than ever.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, Toby Jones, Helena Bonham Carter


Mad Max: Fury Road: 2015 | R | 121 min | 7.586 rating
An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Riley Keough


Guy Ritchie's The Covenant: 2023 | R | 123 min | 7.798 rating
During the war in Afghanistan, a local interpreter risks his own life to carry an injured sergeant across miles of grueling terrain.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Dar Salim, Sean Sagar, Jason Wong, Rhys Yates


Fury: 2014 | R | 135 min | 7.525 rating
In the last months of World War II, as the Allies make their final push in the European theatre, a battle-hardened U.S. Army sergeant named 'Wardaddy' commands a Sherman tank called 'Fury' and its five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Shia LaBeouf, Logan Lerman, Michael Peña, Jon Bernthal


Rise of the Guardians: 2012 | PG | 97 min | 7.362 rating
When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world.
Cast: Chris Pine, Alec Baldwin, Jude Law, Isla Fisher, Hugh Jackman


The School of Magical Animals 2: 2022 | NR | 103 min | 6.1 rating
Theater fun at the School of Magical Animals: The students want to perform a musical for the school's anniversary. Will the rehearsals end in chaos or will the class pull together? And what's up with the strange holes on the school grounds? With the help of the magical animals, the children learn what really matters: teamwork.
Cast: Emilia Maier, Loris Sichrovsky, Leonard Artur Conrads, Marleen Lohse, Justus von Dohnányi


Shrek 2: 2004 | PG | 93 min | 7.3 rating
Shrek, Fiona and Donkey set off to Far, Far Away to meet Fiona's mother and father. But not everyone is happy. Shrek and the King find it hard to get along, and there's tension in the marriage. The fairy godmother discovers that Shrek has married Fiona instead of her Son Prince Charming and sets about destroying their marriage.
Cast: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrews, Antonio Banderas


Shrek the Third: 2007 | PG | 93 min | 6.288 rating
The King of Far Far Away has died and Shrek and Fiona are to become King & Queen. However, Shrek wants to return to his cozy swamp and live in peace and quiet, so when he finds out there is another heir to the throne, they set off to bring him back to rule the kingdom.
Cast: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Julie Andrews


Ballerina: 2023 | R | 93 min | 7.022 rating
Grieving the loss of a best friend she couldn't protect, an ex-bodyguard sets out to fulfill her dear friend's last wish: sweet revenge.
Cast: Jun Jong-seo, Kim Ji-hun, Park Hyeong-su, Park Yu-rim, Shin Se-hwi


Your Fault: NaN | NR | Runtime NA | 0 rating

Cast: Nicole Wallace, Gabriel Guevara


The Wolf of Wall Street: 2013 | R | 180 min | 8.035 rating
A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Kyle Chandler


Star Wars: The Force Awakens: 2015 | PG-13 | 136 min | 7.289 rating
Thirty years after defeating the Galactic Empire, Han Solo and his allies face a new threat from the evil Kylo Ren and his army of Stormtroopers.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley


The Nightmare Before Christmas: 1993 | PG | 76 min | 7.8 rating
Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks, Jack Skellington, the spindly king of Halloween Town, kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches, Jack's rag-doll girlfriend, Sally, tries to foil his misguided plans.
Cast: Danny Elfman, Chris Sarandon, Catherine O'Hara, William Hickey, Glenn Shadix


Iron Man: 2008 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.64 rating
After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Gwyneth Paltrow, Leslie Bibb


Blade Runner 2049: 2017 | R | 164 min | 7.55 rating
Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years.
Cast: Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright


The Lost City: 2022 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.577 rating
Reclusive author Loretta Sage writes about exotic places in her popular adventure novels that feature a handsome cover model named Alan. While on tour promoting her new book with Alan, Loretta gets kidnapped by an eccentric billionaire who hopes she can lead him to the ancient city's lost treasure that featured in her latest story. Alan, determined to prove he can be a hero in real life and not just on the pages of her books, sets off to rescue her.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Channing Tatum, Daniel Radcliffe, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Brad Pitt


Shin Godzilla: 2016 | PG-13 | 120 min | 7.114 rating
When a massive, gilled monster emerges from the deep and tears through the city, the government scrambles to save its citizens.  A rag-tag team of volunteers cuts through a web of red tape to uncover the monster's weakness and its mysterious ties to a foreign superpower.  But time is not on their side - the greatest catastrophe to ever befall the world is about to evolve right before their very eyes.
Cast: Hiroki Hasegawa, Yutaka Takenouchi, Satomi Ishihara, Kengo Kora, Satoru Matsuo


John Wick: Chapter 2: 2017 | R | 122 min | 7.325 rating
John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins’ guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him, Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world’s most dangerous killers.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Common, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne, Riccardo Scamarcio


Cyst: 2020 | NR | 68 min | 4.5 rating
In the 1960s, a nurse's last day on her job is ruined when a doctor inadvertently creates a cyst monster that terrorizes the office.
Cast: Eva Habermann, George Hardy, Greg Sestero, Jason Douglas, Gene Jones


Prey: 2022 | R | 100 min | 7.751 rating
When danger threatens her camp, the fierce and highly skilled Comanche warrior Naru sets out to protect her people. But the prey she stalks turns out to be a highly evolved alien predator with a technically advanced arsenal.
Cast: Amber Midthunder, Dakota Beavers, Michelle Thrush, Stormee Kipp, Julian Black Antelope


Sing 2: 2021 | PG | 110 min | 7.906 rating
Buster and his new cast now have their sights set on debuting a new show at the Crystal Tower Theater in glamorous Redshore City. But with no connections, he and his singers must sneak into the Crystal Entertainment offices, run by the ruthless wolf mogul Jimmy Crystal, where the gang pitches the ridiculous idea of casting the lion rock legend Clay Calloway in their show. Buster must embark on a quest to find the now-isolated Clay and persuade him to return to the stage.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Scarlett Johansson, Taron Egerton, Bobby Cannavale


The Lorax: 2012 | PG | 86 min | 6.494 rating
A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax, the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world.
Cast: Danny DeVito, Ed Helms, Zac Efron, Rob Riggle, Taylor Swift


Coco: 2017 | PG | 105 min | 8.218 rating
Despite his family’s baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history.
Cast: Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Alanna Ubach, Renée Victor


Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl: 2003 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.793 rating
Jack Sparrow, a freewheeling 18th-century pirate, quarrels with a rival pirate bent on pillaging Port Royal. When the governor's daughter is kidnapped, Sparrow decides to help the girl's love save her.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley, Geoffrey Rush, Jack Davenport


Thick as Thieves: 2009 | R | 104 min | 5.954 rating
A master thief recruits a notorious thief to help him steal two famous Faberge eggs from an impenetrable vault in an effort to pull off one final job and repay his debt to the Russian mob.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Antonio Banderas, Radha Mitchell, Robert Forster, Rade Šerbedžija


Fifty Shades of Grey: 2015 | R | 125 min | 5.884 rating
When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey for their campus paper, little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian, as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful, finds himself strangely drawn to Ana, and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced, Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure.
Cast: Dakota Johnson, Jamie Dornan, Jennifer Ehle, Eloise Mumford, Victor Rasuk


Evil Dead Rise: 2023 | R | 96 min | 6.967 rating
A reunion between two estranged sisters gets cut short by the rise of flesh-possessing demons, thrusting them into a primal battle for survival as they face the most nightmarish version of family imaginable.
Cast: Lily Sullivan, Alyssa Sutherland, Morgan Davies, Gabrielle Echols, Nell Fisher


Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: 2014 | PG-13 | 130 min | 7.3 rating
A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity, while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes.
Cast: Andy Serkis, Jason Clarke, Gary Oldman, Keri Russell, Toby Kebbell


365 Days: This Day: 2022 | NC-17 | 111 min | 5.837 rating
Laura and Massimo are back and hotter than ever. But the reunited couple's new beginning is complicated by Massimo’s family ties and a mysterious man who enters Laura’s life to win her heart and trust, at any cost.
Cast: Anna-Maria Sieklucka, Michele Morrone, Simone Susinna, Magdalena Lamparska, Otar Saralidze


No Time to Die: 2021 | PG-13 | 163 min | 7.4 rating
Bond has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica. His peace is short-lived when his old friend Felix Leiter from the CIA turns up asking for help. The mission to rescue a kidnapped scientist turns out to be far more treacherous than expected, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Léa Seydoux, Rami Malek, Lashana Lynch, Ralph Fiennes


The Boss Baby: Family Business: 2021 | PG | 107 min | 7.433 rating
The Templeton brothers — Tim and his Boss Baby little bro Ted — have become adults and drifted away from each other. But a new boss baby with a cutting-edge approach and a can-do attitude is about to bring them together again … and inspire a new family business.
Cast: Alec Baldwin, James Marsden, Amy Sedaris, Ariana Greenblatt, Jeff Goldblum


Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo: 2006 | G | 75 min | 7.7 rating
America's coolest heroes Teen Titans head to Japan as they spring into action when a new threat, the dichromatic ninja Saico-Tek, appears in their city. A chase across the city ensues, ending at Titans Tower. Saico-Tek is interrogated by Robin with the aid of a translation program, and reveals the identity of the one who sent him. The ninja then escapes his bonds and vanishes after destroying a fire sprinkler, and the Titans' only lead is to search for his mysterious master - the shadowy figure known as Brushogun.
Cast: Greg Cipes, Scott Menville, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, Hynden Walch


Trolls World Tour: 2020 | PG | 90 min | 7.334 rating
Queen Poppy and Branch make a surprising discovery — there are other Troll worlds beyond their own, and their distinct differences create big clashes between these various tribes. When a mysterious threat puts all of the Trolls across the land in danger, Poppy, Branch, and their band of friends must embark on an epic quest to create harmony among the feuding Trolls to unite them against certain doom.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Justin Timberlake, Ron Funches, Rachel Bloom, James Corden


Animal: 2023 |  | 201 min | 7.383 rating
A son undergoes a remarkable transformation as the bond with his father begins to fracture, and he becomes consumed by a quest for vengeance.
Cast: Ranbir Kapoor, Rashmika Mandanna, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Tripti Dimri


How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World: 2019 | PG | 104 min | 7.755 rating
As Hiccup fulfills his dream of creating a peaceful dragon utopia, Toothless’ discovery of an untamed, elusive mate draws the Night Fury away. When danger mounts at home and Hiccup’s reign as village chief is tested, both dragon and rider must make impossible decisions to save their kind.
Cast: Jay Baruchel, America Ferrera, F. Murray Abraham, Cate Blanchett, Gerard Butler


Maleficent: 2014 | PG | 97 min | 7.1 rating
A beautiful, pure-hearted young woman, Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom, until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land. She rises to be the land's fiercest protector, but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal – an act that begins to turn her heart into stone. Bent on revenge, Maleficent faces an epic battle with the invading King's successor and, as a result, places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows, Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom – and to Maleficent's true happiness as well.
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning, Imelda Staunton, Sharlto Copley, Lesley Manville


Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides: 2011 | PG-13 | 137 min | 6.54 rating
Captain Jack Sparrow crosses paths with a woman from his past, and he's not sure if it's love -- or if she's a ruthless con artist who's using him to find the fabled Fountain of Youth. When she forces him aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge, the ship of the formidable pirate Blackbeard, Jack finds himself on an unexpected adventure in which he doesn't know who to fear more: Blackbeard or the woman from his past.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Penélope Cruz, Geoffrey Rush, Ian McShane, Kevin McNally


Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness: 2022 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.34 rating
Doctor Strange, with the help of mystical allies both old and new, traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Elizabeth Olsen, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Benedict Wong, Xochitl Gomez


Merry Swissmas: 2022 | G | 90 min | 6 rating
Alex is an ambitious architect who is looking forward to celebrating Christmas at her mother’s beautiful Swiss Inn, until she finds out that her former best friend Beth who married Alex’s ex-boyfriend Jesse will also be there. Could a new romance with the Inn’s handsome manager and single-father Liam be the key to show Alex the magic of Christmas and open her up to forgiveness this holiday season?
Cast: Jodie Sweetin, Tim Rozon, David Pinard, Alex Bisping, Alison Brooks


A Haunting in Venice: 2023 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.758 rating
Celebrated sleuth Hercule Poirot, now retired and living in self-imposed exile in Venice, reluctantly attends a Halloween séance at a decaying, haunted palazzo. When one of the guests is murdered, the detective is thrust into a sinister world of shadows and secrets.
Cast: Kenneth Branagh, Kyle Allen, Camille Cottin, Jamie Dornan, Tina Fey


Casper Meets Wendy: 1998 | PG | 90 min | 5.99 rating
When a warlock threatens Wendy the Good Little Witch, she and her aunts hide out at a resort where Casper the Ghost is vacationing with his uncles. Although Casper and Wendy are told ghosts and witches don't get along, the two are kindred spirits! This spooky family-friendly adventure finds Casper and Wendy bridging the ghost-witch divide to battle the warlock who is intent on destroying Wendy.
Cast: Cathy Moriarty, Shelley Duvall, Teri Garr, George Hamilton, Hilary Duff


Fall: 2022 | PG-13 | 107 min | 7.236 rating
For best friends Becky and Hunter, life is all about conquering fears and pushing limits. But after they climb 2,000 feet to the top of a remote, abandoned radio tower, they find themselves stranded with no way down. Now Becky and Hunter’s expert climbing skills will be put to the ultimate test as they desperately fight to survive the elements, a lack of supplies, and vertigo-inducing heights
Cast: Grace Caroline Currey, Virginia Gardner, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Mason Gooding, Jasper Cole


Minions: The Rise of Gru: 2022 | PG | 87 min | 7.361 rating
A fanboy of a supervillain supergroup known as the Vicious 6, Gru hatches a plan to become evil enough to join them, with the backup of his followers, the Minions.
Cast: Steve Carell, Pierre Coffin, Alan Arkin, Taraji P. Henson, Michelle Yeoh


Captain Marvel: 2019 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.838 rating
The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe’s most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Cast: Brie Larson, Samuel L. Jackson, Ben Mendelsohn, Jude Law, Annette Bening


Insidious: The Red Door: 2023 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.745 rating
To put their demons to rest once and for all, Josh Lambert and a college-aged Dalton Lambert must go deeper into The Further than ever before, facing their family's dark past and a host of new and more horrifying terrors that lurk behind the red door.
Cast: Ty Simpkins, Patrick Wilson, Rose Byrne, Lin Shaye, Sinclair Daniel


One Piece Film Red: 2022 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.317 rating
Uta — the most beloved singer in the world. Her voice, which she sings with while concealing her true identity, has been described as “otherworldly.” She will appear in public for the first time at a live concert. As the venue fills with all kinds of Uta fans — excited pirates, the Navy watching closely, and the Straw Hats led by Luffy who simply came to enjoy her sonorous performance — the voice that the whole world has been waiting for is about to resound.
Cast: Kaori Nazuka, Shuichi Ikeda, Mayumi Tanaka, Kazuya Nakai, Akemi Okamura


The Good Dinosaur: 2015 | PG | 93 min | 6.741 rating
An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend.
Cast: Frances McDormand, Raymond Ochoa, Jeffrey Wright, Steve Zahn, Sam Elliott


It Lives Inside: 2023 |  | 99 min | 5.84 rating
Desperate to fit in at school, Sam rejects her East Indian culture and family to be like everyone else. However, when a mythological demonic spirit latches onto her former best friend, she must come to terms with her heritage to defeat it.
Cast: Megan Suri, Neeru Bajwa, Mohana Krishnan, Betty Gabriel, Vik Sahay


Ted 2: 2015 | R | 115 min | 6.291 rating
Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby, but in order to qualify to be a parent, Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Seth MacFarlane, Amanda Seyfried, Morgan Freeman, Jessica Barth


1962 Halloween Massacre: 2023 |  | 80 min | 6.5 rating
A group of lifelong best friends go to a remote cottage on Halloween Night.
Cast: Ariel Ash, Caroline Beagles, Will Branner, William Jousset, Joan Milburn


Cat Person: 2023 |  | 118 min | 6.553 rating
When Margot, a college sophomore, goes on a date with the older Robert, she finds that IRL Robert doesn’t live up to the Robert she has been flirting with over texts.
Cast: Emilia Jones, Nicholas Braun, Geraldine Viswanathan, Isabella Rossellini, Hope Davis


Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings: 2021 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.579 rating
Shang-Chi must confront the past he thought he left behind when he is drawn into the web of the mysterious Ten Rings organization.
Cast: Simu Liu, Awkwafina, Zhang Meng'er, Fala Chen, Florian Munteanu


Me Before You: 2016 | PG-13 | 110 min | 7.9 rating
A small town girl is caught between dead-end jobs. A high-profile, successful man becomes wheelchair bound following an accident. The man decides his life is not worth living until the girl is hired for six months to be his new caretaker. Worlds apart and trapped together by circumstance, the two get off to a rocky start. But the girl becomes determined to prove to the man that life is worth living and as they embark on a series of adventures together, each finds their world changing in ways neither of them could begin to imagine.
Cast: Emilia Clarke, Sam Claflin, Janet McTeer, Charles Dance, Brendan Coyle


Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End: 2007 | PG-13 | 169 min | 7.245 rating
Captain Barbossa, long believed to be dead, has come back to life and is headed to the edge of the Earth with Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. But nothing is quite as it seems.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley, Geoffrey Rush, Stellan Skarsgård


Fight Club: 1999 | R | 139 min | 8.441 rating
A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion.
Cast: Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, Helena Bonham Carter, Meat Loaf, Jared Leto


The Baker: 2023 |  | 100 min | 6.7 rating
A quiet, stoic man, lives a monk-like existence in self-imposed exile. When his estranged son is killed in a drug deal gone bad, he is left to look after a granddaughter he never knew existed, and he is forced back into a life he tried to put behind him.
Cast: Ron Perlman, Emma Ho, Elias Koteas, Harvey Keitel, Joel David Moore


R.A.D.A.R.: The Adventures of the Bionic Dog: 2023 | PG | Runtime NA | 6.9 rating
Gabe and Kylie hunt for lost pirate treasure, hoping to bring tourists to their sleepy Florida town — and save Gabe’s mom’s diner. When they find a precious sapphire, they’re helped by R.A.D.A.R., a clever dog who’s actually a robot! But the mad scientist who invented the treasure-hunting dog wants to steal him back — along with the town’s famous sapphire! Can Gabe and Kylie protect the dog, guard the jewel, and save the town?
Cast: Dean Cain, Ezra James Lerario, Caroline Elle Abrams, Paul Wilson, Victoria White


The Deep Ones: 2021 |  | 83 min | 4.2 rating
A married couple rents a beachside Airbnb, only to be surrounded by peculiar neighbors and occurrences. They soon discover they are in the grip of a mysterious cult and their ancient sea god.
Cast: Johann Urb, Kelli Maroney, Robert Rhine, Jon Mack, Nicolas Coster


Sicario: 2015 | R | 122 min | 7.393 rating
An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
Cast: Emily Blunt, Benicio del Toro, Josh Brolin, Victor Garber, Jon Bernthal


The Dark Knight: 2008 | PG-13 | 152 min | 8.513 rating
Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker.
Cast: Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Aaron Eckhart


The Lion King: 1994 | G | 89 min | 8.256 rating
A young lion prince is cast out of his pride by his cruel uncle, who claims he killed his father. While the uncle rules with an iron paw, the prince grows up beyond the Savannah, living by a philosophy: No worries for the rest of your days. But when his past comes to haunt him, the young prince must decide his fate: Will he remain an outcast or face his demons and become what he needs to be?
Cast: Matthew Broderick, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Ernie Sabella, Robert Guillaume


The Other Zoey: 2023 | PG-13 | 91 min | 7.194 rating
Zoey Miller, a super smart computer major uninterested in romantic love, has her life turned upside down when Zack, the school’s soccer star, gets amnesia and mistakes Zoey for his girlfriend.
Cast: Josephine Langford, Drew Starkey, Archie Renaux, Mallori Johnson, Andie MacDowell


Pulp Fiction: 1994 | R | 154 min | 8.489 rating
A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time.
Cast: John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Uma Thurman, Bruce Willis, Ving Rhames


Solo: A Star Wars Story: 2018 | PG-13 | 135 min | 6.564 rating
Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian.
Cast: Alden Ehrenreich, Joonas Suotamo, Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Donald Glover


Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery: 2022 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.051 rating
World-famous detective Benoit Blanc heads to Greece to peel back the layers of a mystery surrounding a tech billionaire and his eclectic crew of friends.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Edward Norton, Janelle Monáe, Kathryn Hahn, Leslie Odom Jr.


Iron Man 2: 2010 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.836 rating
With the world now aware of his dual life as the armored superhero Iron Man, billionaire inventor Tony Stark faces pressure from the government, the press and the public to share his technology with the military. Unwilling to let go of his invention, Stark, with Pepper Potts and James 'Rhodey' Rhodes at his side, must forge new alliances – and confront powerful enemies.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell


Last Night of Amore: 2023 | NR | 124 min | 7.245 rating
On the night before his retirement, police lieutenant Franco Amore is called to investigate the death of a long-time partner of his in a diamond heist in which he was involved.
Cast: Pierfrancesco Favino, Linda Caridi, Antonio Gerardi, Francesco Di Leva, Wang Fifi


The Locksmith: 2023 |  | 91 min | 5.852 rating
A thief fresh out of prison, tries to work his way back into the life of his daughter and ex-fiancé. Determined, he is forced to use the skills he has as a gifted locksmith. Things take a tumultuous turn after an unexpected disappearance.
Cast: Ryan Phillippe, Kate Bosworth, Ving Rhames, Jeffrey Nordling, Gabriela Quezada Bloomgarden


The Archies: 2023 | PG-13 | 144 min | 6.875 rating
Set in 1960s India, Archie and the gang navigate romance, friendship and the future of Riverdale as developers threaten to destroy a beloved park.
Cast: Agastya Nanda, Khushi Kapoor, Suhana Khan, Mihir Ahuja, Vedang Raina


The Tomorrow War: 2021 | PG-13 | 138 min | 7.578 rating
The world is stunned when a group of time travelers arrive from the year 2051 to deliver an urgent message: Thirty years in the future, mankind is losing a global war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians from the present to be transported to the future and join the fight. Among those recruited is high school teacher and family man Dan Forester. Determined to save the world for his young daughter, Dan teams up with a brilliant scientist and his estranged father in a desperate quest to rewrite the fate of the planet.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Yvonne Strahovski, J.K. Simmons, Betty Gilpin, Sam Richardson


Agnes: 2021 |  | 93 min | 4.1 rating
Rumors of demonic possession at a religious convent prompts a church investigation into the strange goings-on among its nuns. A disaffected priest and his neophyte are confronted with temptation, bloodshed and a crisis of faith.
Cast: Molly C. Quinn, Jake Horowitz, Hayley McFarland, Rachel True, Zandy Hartig


The Handmaiden: 2016 |  | 145 min | 8.241 rating
In 1930s Korea, a swindler and a young woman pose as a Japanese count and a handmaiden to seduce a Japanese heiress and steal her fortune.
Cast: Kim Min-hee, Kim Tae-ri, Ha Jung-woo, Cho Jin-woong, Kim Hae-sook


Pet Sematary: Bloodlines: 2023 | R | 87 min | 6.093 rating
In 1969, a young Jud Crandall has dreams of leaving his hometown of Ludlow, Maine behind, but soon discovers sinister secrets buried within and is forced to confront a dark family history that will forever keep him connected to Ludlow.
Cast: Jackson White, Forrest Goodluck, Jack Mulhern, Henry Thomas, Natalie Alyn Lind


The Elevator: 2023 | NR | 86 min | 5.714 rating
Lily, an undercover reporter, poses as the new night manager at a seedy hotel to investigate a string of suspicious suicides. After playing the elevator game, she learns of a dark and sinister presence in the hotel. Can she find a conclusion to this mystery and put a stop to it before more murders occur?
Cast: Chrissie Wunna, Alix Maxwell, George Nettleton, Danielle Scott, Osian Dixon


The Hangover: 2009 | R | 100 min | 7.315 rating
When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry, they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend, Doug – who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug, the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, Heather Graham


Sisu: 2023 | R | 91 min | 7.537 rating
Deep in the wilderness of Lapland, Aatami Korpi is searching for gold but after he stumbles upon Nazi patrol, a breathtaking and gold-hungry chase through the destroyed and mined Lapland wilderness begins.
Cast: Jorma Tommila, Aksel Hennie, Jack Doolan, Mimosa Willamo, Onni Tommila


The Next 365 Days: 2022 | R | 112 min | 6.485 rating
Laura and Massimo's relationship hangs in the balance as they try to overcome trust issues while a tenacious Nacho works to push them apart.
Cast: Anna-Maria Sieklucka, Michele Morrone, Simone Susinna, Magdalena Lamparska, Otar Saralidze


The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King: 2003 | PG-13 | 201 min | 8.476 rating
Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient kings as he, Gandalf and the other members of the broken fellowship struggle to save Gondor from Sauron's forces. Meanwhile, Frodo and Sam take the ring closer to the heart of Mordor, the dark lord's realm.
Cast: Elijah Wood, Sean Astin, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen, Andy Serkis


Mulan: 1998 | G | 88 min | 7.916 rating
To save her father from certain death in the army, a young woman secretly enlists in his place and becomes one of China's greatest heroines in the process.
Cast: Ming-Na Wen, Eddie Murphy, BD Wong, Miguel Ferrer, Harvey Fierstein


Cars 3: 2017 | G | 102 min | 6.854 rating
Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers, the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game, he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win, inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet, and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing’s biggest stage!
Cast: Owen Wilson, Cristela Alonzo, Chris Cooper, Nathan Fillion, Armie Hammer


Furious 7: 2015 | PG-13 | 137 min | 7.236 rating
Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Jason Statham, Michelle Rodriguez, Jordana Brewster


La La Land: 2016 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.9 rating
Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart.
Cast: Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone, John Legend, Rosemarie DeWitt, J.K. Simmons


It's a Wonderful Life: 1946 | PG | 130 min | 8.266 rating
A holiday favourite for generations...  George Bailey has spent his entire life giving to the people of Bedford Falls.  All that prevents rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town is George's modest building and loan company.  But on Christmas Eve the business's $8,000 is lost and George's troubles begin.
Cast: James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, Henry Travers


Zootopia: 2016 | PG | 109 min | 7.746 rating
Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery.
Cast: Jason Bateman, Ginnifer Goodwin, Idris Elba, Jenny Slate, Nate Torrence


Sicario: Day of the Soldado: 2018 | R | 122 min | 6.905 rating
Agent Matt Graver teams up with operative Alejandro Gillick to prevent Mexican drug cartels from smuggling terrorists across the United States border.
Cast: Benicio del Toro, Josh Brolin, Isabela Merced, Jeffrey Donovan, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo


Django Unchained: 2012 | R | 165 min | 8.174 rating
With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson


Ernest & Celestine: A Trip to Gibberitia: 2022 | NR | 80 min | 7 rating
Ernest and Celestine are travelling back to Ernest's country, Gibberitia, to fix his broken violin. This exotic land is home to the best musicians on earth and music constantly fills the air with joy. However, upon arriving, our two heroes discover that all forms of music have been banned for many years - and for them, a life without music is unthinkable. Along with their friends and a mysterious masked outlaw, Ernest and Celestine must try their best to bring music and happiness back to the land of bears.
Cast: Lambert Wilson, Pauline Brunner, Michel Lerousseau, Céline Ronté, Lévanah Solomon


The Imitation Game: 2014 | PG-13 | 113 min | 8.008 rating
Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing, the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, during the darkest days of World War II.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley, Matthew Goode, Rory Kinnear, Allen Leech


Toy Story 2: 1999 | G | 92 min | 7.588 rating
Andy heads off to Cowboy Camp, leaving his toys to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector named Al McWhiggen, owner of Al's Toy Barn kidnaps Woody. Andy's toys mount a daring rescue mission, Buzz Lightyear meets his match and Woody has to decide where he and his heart truly belong.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Kelsey Grammer, Don Rickles


How to Train Your Dragon 2: 2014 | PG | 102 min | 7.67 rating
Five years have passed since Hiccup and Toothless united the dragons and Vikings of Berk. Now, they spend their time charting unmapped territories. During one of their adventures, the pair discover a secret cave that houses hundreds of wild dragons -- and a mysterious dragon rider who turns out to be Hiccup's mother, Valka. Hiccup and Toothless then find themselves at the center of a battle to protect Berk from a power-hungry warrior named Drago.
Cast: Jay Baruchel, Cate Blanchett, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera


Cars 2: 2011 | G | 106 min | 6.086 rating
Star race car Lightning McQueen and his pal Mater head overseas to compete in the World Grand Prix race. But the road to the championship becomes rocky as Mater gets caught up in an intriguing adventure of his own: international espionage.
Cast: Larry the Cable Guy, Owen Wilson, Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer, John Turturro


Uncharted: 2022 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.983 rating
A young street-smart, Nathan Drake and his wisecracking partner Victor “Sully” Sullivan embark on a dangerous pursuit of “the greatest treasure never found” while also tracking clues that may lead to Nathan’s long-lost brother.
Cast: Tom Holland, Mark Wahlberg, Sophia Ali, Tati Gabrielle, Antonio Banderas


Resurrected: 2023 | NR | 90 min | 6.7 rating
In the nearest future, the Catholic Church learnt how to resurrect people. The whole process is kept secret and follows strict rules: only sinless believers under the age of 65 can be resurrected. The film is set on the computer of Stanley, an on-line church priest who helps those who were brought back to life. He is divorced and his son lives with his ex-wife, so he can chat with him only on-line. Stanley's son was the first person to be resurrected after he died in a car accident that Stanley caused. Soon Stanley learns that there is a huge conspiracy behind the resurrection process.
Cast: Dave Davis, Karli Hall, Erika Chase, Kristen Ariza, Ezra Buzzington


Avengers: Endgame: 2019 | PG-13 | 181 min | 8.261 rating
After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War, the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe once and for all, no matter what consequences may be in store.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson


Ghosted: 2023 | PG-13 | 117 min | 7.017 rating
Salt-of-the-earth Cole falls head over heels for enigmatic Sadie — but then makes the shocking discovery that she’s a secret agent. Before they can decide on a second date, Cole and Sadie are swept away on an international adventure to save the world.
Cast: Chris Evans, Ana de Armas, Adrien Brody, Mike Moh, Amy Sedaris


Se7en: 1995 | R | 127 min | 8.371 rating
Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the "seven deadly sins" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Sommerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind, while his novice partner, Mills, scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, Andrew Kevin Walker, Daniel Zacapa


Terrifier 2: 2022 | NR | 138 min | 6.797 rating
After being resurrected by a sinister entity, Art the Clown returns to Miles County where he must hunt down and destroy a teenage girl and her younger brother on Halloween night.  As the body count rises, the siblings fight to stay alive while uncovering the true nature of Art's evil intent.
Cast: Lauren LaVera, David Howard Thornton, Elliott Fullam, Sarah Voigt, Kailey Hyman


Elf: 2003 | PG | 97 min | 6.649 rating
When young Buddy falls into Santa's gift sack on Christmas Eve, he's transported back to the North Pole and raised as a toy-making elf by Santa's helpers. But as he grows into adulthood, he can't shake the nagging feeling that he doesn't belong. Buddy vows to visit Manhattan and find his real dad, a workaholic.
Cast: Will Ferrell, James Caan, Bob Newhart, Ed Asner, Mary Steenburgen


The Flood: 2023 | R | 93 min | 6.7 rating
A horde of giant hungry alligators is unleashed on a group of in-transit prisoners and their guards after a massive hurricane floods Louisiana.
Cast: Nicky Whelan, Casper Van Dien, Louis Mandylor, Devanny Pinn, Randy Wayne


Suzume: 2022 | PG | 123 min | 7.988 rating
Suzume, 17, lost her mother as a little girl. On her way to school, she meets a mysterious young man. But her curiosity unleashes a calamity that endangers the entire population of Japan, and so Suzume embarks on a journey to set things right.
Cast: Nanoka Hara, Hokuto Matsumura, Eri Fukatsu, Shota Sometani, Sairi Ito


Baywatch: 2017 | R | 116 min | 6.093 rating
Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together, they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Alexandra Daddario, Jon Bass


Operation Fortune: Ruse de Guerre: 2023 | R | 114 min | 6.569 rating
Special agent Orson Fortune and his team of operatives recruit one of Hollywood's biggest movie stars to help them on an undercover mission when the sale of a deadly new weapons technology threatens to disrupt the world order.
Cast: Jason Statham, Aubrey Plaza, Josh Hartnett, Hugh Grant, Cary Elwes


San Andreas: 2015 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.233 rating
In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey across the state in order to rescue his estranged daughter.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Alexandra Daddario, Carla Gugino, Ioan Gruffudd, Archie Panjabi


Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore: 2022 | PG-13 | 142 min | 6.7 rating
Professor Albus Dumbledore knows the powerful, dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald is moving to seize control of the wizarding world. Unable to stop him alone, he entrusts magizoologist Newt Scamander to lead an intrepid team of wizards and witches. They soon encounter an array of old and new beasts as they clash with Grindelwald's growing legion of followers.
Cast: Eddie Redmayne, Jude Law, Mads Mikkelsen, Ezra Miller, Dan Fogler


Spirited Away: 2001 |  | 125 min | 8.54 rating
A young girl, Chihiro, becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free her family.
Cast: Rumi Hiiragi, Miyu Irino, Mari Natsuki, Takashi Naito, Yasuko Sawaguchi


I, Robot: 2004 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.941 rating
In 2035, where robots are commonplace and abide by the three laws of robotics, a technophobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death, his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger.
Cast: Will Smith, Bridget Moynahan, Alan Tudyk, James Cromwell, Bruce Greenwood


Justice League: Warworld: 2023 | R | 90 min | 7.2 rating
Until now, the Justice League has been a loose association of superpowered individuals. But when they are swept away to Warworld, a place of unending brutal gladiatorial combat, Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman and the others must somehow unite to form an unbeatable resistance able to lead an entire planet to freedom.
Cast: Jensen Ackles, Darren Criss, Stana Katic, Ike Amadi, Troy Baker


Hidden Strike: 2023 | PG-13 | 103 min | 7.012 rating
Two elite soldiers must escort civilians through a gauntlet of gunfire and explosions.
Cast: Jackie Chan, John Cena, Ma Chunrui, Jiang Wenli, Xu Jia


Aliens: 1986 | R | 137 min | 7.938 rating
When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story—all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers.
Cast: Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, Jenette Goldstein


Taken 3: 2014 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.2 rating
Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his life is shattered when he's falsely accused of a murder that hits close to home. As he's pursued by a savvy police inspector, Mills employs his particular set of skills to track the real killer and exact his unique brand of justice.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Forest Whitaker, Maggie Grace, Dougray Scott, Famke Janssen


The Seven Deadly Sins: Grudge of Edinburgh Part 2: 2023 | PG-13 | 55 min | 7.1 rating
Reunited with Lancelot for the first time since their tragic accident, Tristan must learn to conquer his inner demons in order to save his mother's life.
Cast: Ayumu Murase, Koki Uchiyama, Yuki Kaji, Sora Amamiya, Tatsuhisa Suzuki


M3GAN: 2022 | PG-13 | 102 min | 7.166 rating
A brilliant toy company roboticist uses artificial intelligence to develop M3GAN, a life-like doll programmed to emotionally bond with her newly orphaned niece. But when the doll's programming works too well, she becomes overprotective of her new friend with terrifying results.
Cast: Allison Williams, Violet McGraw, Ronny Chieng, Amie Donald, Jenna Davis


Sonic the Hedgehog: 2020 | PG | 99 min | 7.338 rating
Powered with incredible speed, Sonic The Hedgehog embraces his new home on Earth. That is, until Sonic sparks the attention of super-uncool evil genius Dr. Robotnik. Now it’s super-villain vs. super-sonic in an all-out race across the globe to stop Robotnik from using Sonic’s unique power for world domination.
Cast: Ben Schwartz, James Marsden, Tika Sumpter, Jim Carrey, Natasha Rothwell


The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2: 2015 | PG-13 | 137 min | 6.891 rating
With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends – including Gale, Finnick, and Peeta – Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps, enemies, and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks


Alien: 1979 | R | 117 min | 8.151 rating
During its return to the earth, commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet, a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed.
Cast: Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, Ian Holm, Yaphet Kotto, John Hurt


Captain America: Civil War: 2016 | PG-13 | 147 min | 7.442 rating
Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies.
Cast: Chris Evans, Robert Downey Jr., Scarlett Johansson, Sebastian Stan, Chadwick Boseman


A Taste of Blood: 2022 | NR | 90 min | 1 rating
After going off to kill a vampire, a man returns home at the magic hour, between night and day. His family has doubts about whether he's still human or whether he's been bitten by the undead. His teenage daughter is determined to defend him, but their doubts and fears grow as the darkness of the night approaches.
Cast: Germán Palacios, Alfonsina Carrocio, Tomás Carullo Lizzio, Naiara Awada, Lautaro Bettoni


Smile: 2022 | R | 115 min | 6.689 rating
After witnessing a bizarre, traumatic incident involving a patient, Dr. Rose Cotter starts experiencing frightening occurrences that she can't explain. As an overwhelming terror begins taking over her life, Rose must confront her troubling past in order to survive and escape her horrifying new reality.
Cast: Sosie Bacon, Kyle Gallner, Caitlin Stasey, Jessie T. Usher, Kal Penn


White Chicks: 2004 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.9 rating
Two FBI agent brothers, Marcus and Kevin Copeland, accidentally foil a drug bust. To avoid being fired they accept a mission escorting a pair of socialites to the Hamptons--but when the girls are disfigured in a car accident, they refuse to go. Left without options, Marcus and Kevin decide to pose as the sisters, transforming themselves from black men into rich white women.
Cast: Shawn Wayans, Marlon Wayans, Frankie Faison, Terry Crews, Faune Chambers


Geostorm: 2017 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.112 rating
After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe. But now, something has gone wrong: the system built to protect Earth is attacking it, and it becomes a race against the clock to uncover the real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and everyone along with it.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Alexandra Maria Lara, Jim Sturgess, Abbie Cornish, Ed Harris


Wrath of Man: 2021 | R | 119 min | 7.659 rating
A cold and mysterious new security guard for a Los Angeles cash truck company surprises his co-workers when he unleashes precision skills during a heist. The crew is left wondering who he is and where he came from. Soon, the marksman's ultimate motive becomes clear as he takes dramatic and irrevocable steps to settle a score.
Cast: Jason Statham, Holt McCallany, Josh Hartnett, Scott Eastwood, Darrell D'Silva


Toy Story: 1995 | G | 81 min | 7.971 rating
Led by Woody, Andy's toys live happily in his room until Andy's birthday brings Buzz Lightyear onto the scene. Afraid of losing his place in Andy's heart, Woody plots against Buzz. But when circumstances separate Buzz and Woody from their owner, the duo eventually learns to put aside their differences.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn


A Beautiful Mind: 2001 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.855 rating
John Nash is a brilliant but asocial mathematician fighting schizophrenia. After he accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, Paul Bettany, Christopher Plummer


The Engineer: 2023 | R | 93 min | 6.6 rating
As Israel is rocked by a series of terrorist bombings, a US senator's daughter is killed in one bloody explosion. Now, ex-Mossad agent Etan must lead an elite, covert team of agents and mercenaries to find the man responsible—the elusive “Engineer.” Can they find and destroy the madman before more innocent lives are lost?
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Danny A. Abeckaser, Tsahi Halevi, Angel Bonanni, Yarden Toussia-Cohen


Jack Reacher: 2012 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.613 rating
When a gunman takes five lives with six shots, all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation, the suspect offers up a single note: "Get Jack Reacher!" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth, pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy, with a skill for violence and a secret to keep.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Rosamund Pike, Richard Jenkins, David Oyelowo, Werner Herzog


Venom: 2018 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.827 rating
Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal, but accidentally becomes the host of Venom, a violent, super powerful alien symbiote. Soon, he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Michelle Williams, Riz Ahmed, Scott Haze, Reid Scott


DC League of Super-Pets: 2022 | PG | 105 min | 7.31 rating
When Superman and the rest of the Justice League are kidnapped, Krypto the Super-Dog must convince a rag-tag shelter pack - Ace the hound, PB the potbellied pig, Merton the turtle and Chip the squirrel - to master their own newfound powers and help him rescue the superheroes.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, John Krasinski, Keanu Reeves, Kate McKinnon


Deadpool 2: 2018 | R | 120 min | 7.491 rating
Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Josh Brolin, Morena Baccarin, Julian Dennison, Zazie Beetz


Troll: 2022 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.676 rating
Deep inside the mountain of Dovre, something gigantic awakens after being trapped for a thousand years. Destroying everything in its path, the creature is fast approaching the capital of Norway. But how do you stop something you thought only existed in Norwegian folklore?
Cast: Ine Marie Wilmann, Kim S. Falck-Jørgensen, Mads Sjøgård Pettersen, Gard B. Eidsvold, Anneke von der Lippe


Whiplash: 2014 | R | 107 min | 8.4 rating
Under the direction of a ruthless instructor, a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost, even his humanity.
Cast: Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser, Melissa Benoist, Austin Stowell


Adipurush: 2023 | NR | 179 min | 5.3 rating
7000 years ago, Ayodhya's Prince Raghava and Prince Sesh along with the Mighty Vanar Warriors travels to the island of Lanka with an aim to rescue Raghava's wife Janaki, who has been abducted by Lankesh, the king of Lanka.
Cast: Prabhas, Saif Ali Khan, Kriti Sanon, Sunny Singh Nijjar, Devdatta Nage


Insurgent: 2015 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.364 rating
Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart.
Cast: Shailene Woodley, Theo James, Miles Teller, Kate Winslet, Ansel Elgort


Spider-Man: 2002 | PG-13 | 121 min | 7.286 rating
After being bitten by a genetically altered spider at Oscorp, nerdy but endearing high school student Peter Parker is endowed with amazing powers to become the superhero known as Spider-Man.
Cast: Tobey Maguire, Willem Dafoe, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Cliff Robertson


The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2: 2012 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.469 rating
After the birth of Renesmee, the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi.
Cast: Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart, Taylor Lautner, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser


Real Steel: 2011 | PG-13 | 127 min | 6.987 rating
Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Dakota Goyo, Evangeline Lilly, Kevin Durand, Anthony Mackie


Alita: Battle Angel: 2019 | PG-13 | 122 min | 7.225 rating
When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Ido, a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past.
Cast: Rosa Salazar, Christoph Waltz, Jennifer Connelly, Mahershala Ali, Ed Skrein


Soul: 2020 | PG | 101 min | 8.146 rating
Joe Gardner is a middle school teacher with a love for jazz music. After a successful audition at the Half Note Club, he suddenly gets into an accident that separates his soul from his body and is transported to the You Seminar, a center in which souls develop and gain passions before being transported to a newborn child. Joe must enlist help from the other souls-in-training, like 22, a soul who has spent eons in the You Seminar, in order to get back to Earth.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Tina Fey, Graham Norton, Rachel House, Alice Braga


Campeonex: 2023 | NR | 125 min | 6.333 rating
The team of "Champions (2018)" abandons basketball to enter by mistake the fascinating world of athletics under the guidance of a novice coach.
Cast: Elisa Hipólito, Sergio Olmo, Brianeitor, Jesús Vidal, José de Luna


Miraculous World: Paris, Tales of Shadybug and Claw Noir: 2023 | NR | 50 min | 6.8 rating
Miraculous holders from another world appear in Paris. They come from a parallel universe where everything is reversed: the holders of Ladybug and Black Cat Miraculouses, Shadybug and Claw Noir, are the bad guys, and the holder of the Butterfly Miraculous, Hesperia, is a superhero. Ladybug and Cat Noir will have to help Hesperia counter the attacks of their evil doubles and prevent them from seizing the Butterfly's Miraculous. Can our heroes also help Hesperia make Shadybug and Claw Noir better people?
Cast: Annouck Hautbois, Benjamin Bollen, Marie Nonnenmacher, Thierry Kazazian, Fanny Bloc


Ocean's Eight: 2018 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.987 rating
Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Sarah Paulson, Anne Hathaway, Awkwafina


Spider-Man: Far From Home: 2019 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.443 rating
Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent.
Cast: Tom Holland, Samuel L. Jackson, Jake Gyllenhaal, Marisa Tomei, Jon Favreau


Resident Evil: Death Island: 2023 | R | 91 min | 7.51 rating
In San Francisco, Jill Valentine is dealing with a zombie outbreak and a new T-Virus, Leon Kennedy is on the trail of a kidnapped DARPA scientist, and Claire Redfield is investigating a monstrous fish that is killing whales in the bay. Joined by Chris Redfield and Rebecca Chambers, they discover the trail of clues from their separate cases all converge on the same location, Alcatraz Island, where a new evil has taken residence and awaits their arrival.
Cast: Matthew Mercer, Nicole Tompkins, Kevin Dorman, Stephanie Panisello, Erin Cahill


Gunfight at Rio Bravo: 2023 | NR | 80 min | 6.333 rating
When mysterious Russian gunslinger Ivan Turchin rides into a small Texas town, he runs afoul of a bloodthirsty outlaw gang known as The Hellhounds. Outmanned and outgunned, the town must put their trust in Turchin to protect them from annihilation at the hands of the bandits. The gunslinger finds allies in the form of Marshal Austin Carter and Sheriff Vernon Kelly, and together the three must make a desperate stand against impossible and violent odds.
Cast: Alexander Nevsky, Olivier Gruner, Joe Cornet, Matthias Hues, Natalie Denise Sperl


The Woman King: 2022 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.711 rating
The story of the Agojie, the all-female unit of warriors who protected the African Kingdom of Dahomey in the 1800s with skills and a fierceness unlike anything the world has ever seen, and General Nanisca as she trains the next generation of recruits and readies them for battle against an enemy determined to destroy their way of life.
Cast: Viola Davis, Thuso Mbedu, Lashana Lynch, Sheila Atim, John Boyega


Star Wars: 1977 | PG | 121 min | 8.204 rating
Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire.
Cast: Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness


Let Her Kill You: 2023 | NR | 97 min | 6.4 rating
Alone in the mountains of Switzerland, Anne discovers that her isolated chalet is on surveillance and has been bugged. Caught up by her former life as an intelligence secret agent and an affair with her handler, Anne can only count on herself to get out alive.
Cast: Asia Argento, Jeanne Balibar, Joseph Rezwin, Philippe Schuler, Dorthe Wølner-Hanssen


The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers: 2002 | PG-13 | 179 min | 8.389 rating
Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard.
Cast: Elijah Wood, Sean Astin, Andy Serkis, Viggo Mortensen, Ian McKellen


Iron Man 3: 2013 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.928 rating
When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Ben Kingsley


Spectre: 2015 | PG-13 | 148 min | 6.5 rating
A cryptic message from Bond’s past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Christoph Waltz, Léa Seydoux, Ralph Fiennes, Monica Bellucci


Umma: 2022 | PG-13 | 83 min | 5.361 rating
Amanda and her daughter live a quiet life on an American farm, but when the remains of her estranged mother arrive from Korea, Amanda becomes haunted by the fear of turning into her own mother.
Cast: Sandra Oh, Fivel Stewart, Dermot Mulroney, Odeya Rush, MeeWha Alana Lee


Life: 2017 | R | 104 min | 6.429 rating
The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Ryan Reynolds, Rebecca Ferguson, Hiroyuki Sanada, Olga Dihovichnaya


Human Resources: 2021 |  | 108 min | 5.5 rating
After starting a job at an eerie hardware store, an anxious young man uncovers a shocking mystery that leads to a fight against terrifying forces that lurk just behind the walls.
Cast: Hugh McCrae, Jr., Anthony Candell, Sarah José, Tim Misuradze, Michael Kammerer


The Pope's Exorcist: 2023 | R | 103 min | 7.085 rating
Father Gabriele Amorth, Chief Exorcist of the Vatican, investigates a young boy's terrifying possession and ends up uncovering a centuries-old conspiracy the Vatican has desperately tried to keep hidden.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Daniel Zovatto, Alex Essoe, Franco Nero, Peter DeSouza-Feighoney


Mortal Kombat Legends: Scorpion's Revenge: 2020 | R | 80 min | 8.133 rating
After the vicious slaughter of his family by stone-cold mercenary Sub-Zero, Hanzo Hasashi is exiled to the torturous Netherrealm. There, in exchange for his servitude to the sinister Quan Chi, he’s given a chance to avenge his family – and is resurrected as Scorpion, a lost soul bent on revenge. Back on Earthrealm, Lord Raiden gathers a team of elite warriors – Shaolin monk Liu Kang, Special Forces officer Sonya Blade and action star Johnny Cage – an unlikely band of heroes with one chance to save humanity. To do this, they must defeat Shang Tsung’s horde of Outworld gladiators and reign over the Mortal Kombat tournament.
Cast: Patrick Seitz, Jordan Rodrigues, Jennifer Carpenter, Joel McHale, Ike Amadi


Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero: 2022 | PG-13 | 99 min | 7.913 rating
The Red Ribbon Army, an evil organization that was once destroyed by Goku in the past, has been reformed by a group of people who have created new and mightier Androids, Gamma 1 and Gamma 2, and seek vengeance against Goku and his family.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Toshio Furukawa, Yuko Minaguchi, Hiroshi Kamiya, Mamoru Miyano


The Mercator Trail: 2022 | NR | 93 min | 6 rating
When the digital-mad Benjamin turns 18, he inherits a box of ancient artefacts from his missing father. He gives an antique book to Slien, a girl he has his eye on, and unintentionally sets off a chain reaction. An old man called Zeppos is also very interested in the book, which once belonged to the cartographer Mercator. Using the secret messages in Mercator's book, the trio uncover a mystery, while having to stay one step ahead of a shadowy rival.
Cast: Nathan Naenen, Britt Scholte, Carry Goossens, Koen De Bouw, Nora Gharib


Penguins of Madagascar: 2014 | PG | 92 min | 6.525 rating
Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it.
Cast: Tom McGrath, Chris Miller, Christopher Knights, Conrad Vernon, John Malkovich


GoodFellas: 1990 | R | 145 min | 8.466 rating
The true story of Henry Hill, a half-Irish, half-Sicilian Brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a Mafia family under the guidance of Jimmy Conway.
Cast: Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino


The Ritual Killer: 2023 |  | 92 min | 6.1 rating
Unable to process the death of his daughter, Detective Boyd embarks on a hunt for a serial killer who murders according to a brutal tribal ritual: Muti. The only person who can help Boyd is Professor Mackles, an anthropologist who hides an unspeakable secret. The line between sanity and madness thins as Boyd goes deeper into the killer’s world.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Cole Hauser, Vernon Davis, Peter Stormare, Giuseppe Zeno


The Christmas Chronicles: 2018 | PG | 104 min | 7.2 rating
Siblings Kate and Teddy try to prove Santa Claus is real, but when they accidentally cause his sleigh to crash, they have to save Christmas.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Darby Camp, Judah Lewis, Martin Roach, Lamorne Morris


Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw: 2019 | PG-13 | 137 min | 6.869 rating
Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have traded smack talk and body blows. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, they join forces to defeat him.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Idris Elba, Vanessa Kirby, Helen Mirren


Saving Private Ryan: 1998 | R | 169 min | 8.211 rating
As U.S. troops storm the beaches of Normandy, three brothers lie dead on the battlefield, with a fourth trapped behind enemy lines. Ranger captain John Miller and seven men are tasked with penetrating German-held territory and bringing the boy home.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Matt Damon, Barry Pepper


Moonfall: 2022 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.353 rating
A mysterious force knocks the moon from its orbit around Earth and sends it hurtling on a collision course with life as we know it.
Cast: Halle Berry, Patrick Wilson, John Bradley, Charlie Plummer, Kelly Yu


Trolls: 2016 | PG | 92 min | 6.7 rating
After the monstrous Bergens invade Troll Village, Princess Poppy, the happiest Troll ever born, and overly-cautious, curmudgeonly outcast Branch set off on a journey to rescue her friends. Their mission is full of adventure and mishaps, as this mismatched duo try to tolerate each other long enough to get the job done.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Justin Timberlake, Zooey Deschanel, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Christine Baranski


Pacific Rim: 2013 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.883 rating
Using massive piloted robots to combat the alien threat, earth's survivors take the fight to the invading alien force lurking in the depths of the Pacific Ocean. Nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless enemy, the forces of mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes who now stand as earth's final hope against the mounting apocalypse.
Cast: Charlie Hunnam, Rinko Kikuchi, Idris Elba, Max Martini, Clifton Collins Jr.


Shooter: 2007 | R | 124 min | 7.102 rating
A top Marine sniper, Bob Lee Swagger, leaves the military after a mission goes horribly awry and disappears, living in seclusion. He is coaxed back into service after a high-profile government official convinces him to help thwart a plot to kill the President of the United States. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, Swagger becomes the target of a nationwide manhunt. He goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why, eventually seeking revenge against some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Michael Peña, Danny Glover, Kate Mara, Elias Koteas


Free Guy: 2021 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.536 rating
A bank teller discovers he is actually a background player in an open-world video game, and decides to become the hero of his own story. Now, in a world where there are no limits, he is determined to be the guy who saves his world his way before it's too late.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Jodie Comer, Joe Keery, Lil Rel Howery, Utkarsh Ambudkar


Eternals: 2021 | PG-13 | 156 min | 6.913 rating
The Eternals are a team of ancient aliens who have been living on Earth in secret for thousands of years. When an unexpected tragedy forces them out of the shadows, they are forced to reunite against mankind’s most ancient enemy, the Deviants.
Cast: Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Angelina Jolie, Kumail Nanjiani, Barry Keoghan


Shooter: 2007 | R | 124 min | 7.102 rating
A top Marine sniper, Bob Lee Swagger, leaves the military after a mission goes horribly awry and disappears, living in seclusion. He is coaxed back into service after a high-profile government official convinces him to help thwart a plot to kill the President of the United States. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, Swagger becomes the target of a nationwide manhunt. He goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why, eventually seeking revenge against some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Michael Peña, Danny Glover, Kate Mara, Elias Koteas


Free Guy: 2021 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.536 rating
A bank teller discovers he is actually a background player in an open-world video game, and decides to become the hero of his own story. Now, in a world where there are no limits, he is determined to be the guy who saves his world his way before it's too late.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Jodie Comer, Joe Keery, Lil Rel Howery, Utkarsh Ambudkar


Eternals: 2021 | PG-13 | 156 min | 6.913 rating
The Eternals are a team of ancient aliens who have been living on Earth in secret for thousands of years. When an unexpected tragedy forces them out of the shadows, they are forced to reunite against mankind’s most ancient enemy, the Deviants.
Cast: Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Angelina Jolie, Kumail Nanjiani, Barry Keoghan


Terminator Genisys: 2015 | PG-13 | 126 min | 5.927 rating
The year is 2029. John Connor, leader of the resistance continues the war against the machines. At the Los Angeles offensive, John's fears of the unknown future begin to emerge when TECOM spies reveal a new plot by SkyNet that will attack him from both fronts; past and future, and will ultimately change warfare forever.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Emilia Clarke, Jason Clarke, Jai Courtney, Matt Smith


The Key: 1983 | NR | 110 min | 6 rating
Art professor Nino Rolfe attempts to break down his wife Teresa's conventional modesty. Noticing her affection for their daughter's fiancé, Nino instigates her sexual interest in him - setting off a chain of unexpected events and emotional complications...
Cast: Stefania Sandrelli, Frank Finlay, Franco Branciaroli, Barbara Cupisti, Armando Marra


The Lost City: 2022 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.577 rating
Reclusive author Loretta Sage writes about exotic places in her popular adventure novels that feature a handsome cover model named Alan. While on tour promoting her new book with Alan, Loretta gets kidnapped by an eccentric billionaire who hopes she can lead him to the ancient city's lost treasure that featured in her latest story. Alan, determined to prove he can be a hero in real life and not just on the pages of her books, sets off to rescue her.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Channing Tatum, Daniel Radcliffe, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Brad Pitt


Once Upon a Studio: 2023 | G | 9 min | 8.44 rating
Created for Disney's 100th anniversary, the short features Mickey Mouse corralling a gallery of legendary Disney characters for a group photo.
Cast: Chris Diamantopoulos, Kaitlyn Robrock, Tony Anselmo, Bill Farmer, Jim Cummings


Joy: 2015 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.512 rating
A story based on the life of a struggling Long Island single mom who became one of the country's most successful entrepreneurs.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, Bradley Cooper, Edgar Ramírez, Diane Ladd


The Christmas Chronicles: Part Two: 2020 | PG | 112 min | 6.509 rating
Kate Pierce is reluctantly spending Christmas with her mom’s new boyfriend and his son Jack. But when the North Pole and Christmas are threatened to be destroyed, Kate and Jack are unexpectedly pulled into a new adventure with Santa Claus.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Goldie Hawn, Darby Camp, Julian Dennison, Jahzir Bruno


The Beekeeper: 2024 | R | 105 min | 0 rating
One man’s campaign for vengeance takes on national stakes after he is revealed to be a former operative of a powerful and clandestine organization known as Beekeepers.
Cast: Jason Statham, Jeremy Irons, Emmy Raver-Lampman, Bobby Naderi, Josh Hutcherson


Creed II: 2018 | PG-13 | 130 min | 7 rating
Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past, Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life.
Cast: Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby


Tarzan: 1999 | G | 88 min | 7.401 rating
Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family, but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to...
Cast: Tony Goldwyn, Minnie Driver, Glenn Close, Alex D. Linz, Rosie O'Donnell


Kingdom 3: The Flame of Fate: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 7.5 rating
It follows Li Xin and Wang Qi as they stand on the battlefield for the first time to fight off an invasion by Zhao, and it also follows Ying Zheng's unknown past.
Cast: Kento Yamazaki, Ryo Yoshizawa, Kanna Hashimoto, Nana Seino, Hiroshi Tamaki


Forrest Gump: 1994 | PG-13 | 142 min | 8.476 rating
A man with a low IQ has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case, far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. But despite all he has achieved, his one true love eludes him.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise, Sally Field, Mykelti Williamson


The Meg: 2018 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.256 rating
A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench, and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct.
Cast: Jason Statham, Li Bingbing, Rainn Wilson, Cliff Curtis, Ruby Rose


Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest: 2006 | PG-13 | 151 min | 7.348 rating
Captain Jack Sparrow works his way out of a blood debt with the ghostly Davy Jones to avoid eternal damnation.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley, Stellan Skarsgård, Bill Nighy


Amigos: 2023 | NR | 137 min | 4.8 rating
Siddharth, a youngman who runs a family business is astonished to find his doppelgängers Manjunath and Michael on getdopple.com. After meeting up in Goa, they come down to Hyderabad to help Siddarth win over Ishika, a girl looking for superman to be her husband. But things take a drastic turn when NIA swings into action to nab Michael, aka Bipin Roy.
Cast: Kalyan Ram, Ashika Ranganath, Brahmaji, Jayaprakash, Saptagiri


Aquaman: Heroines of Atlantis: 2019 |  | 6 min | 6 rating
Amber Heard and Nicole Kidman discuss their characters Mera and Atlanna.
Cast: Nicole Kidman, Amber Heard, James Wan, Temuera Morrison


Sword Art Online the Movie -Progressive- Scherzo of Deep Night: 2022 | NR | 100 min | 7.6 rating
Over a month has passed since 10,000 users were trapped inside the "Sword Art Online" world. Asuna, who cleared the first floor of the floating iron castle of Aincrad, joined up with Kirito and continued her journey to reach the top floor. With the support of female Information Broker Argo, clearing the floors seemed to be progressing smoothly, but conflict erupts between two major guilds who should be working together – the top player groups ALS (the Aincrad Liberation Squad) and DKB (the Dragon Knights Brigade). And meanwhile, behind the scenes exists a mysterious figure pulling the strings…
Cast: Haruka Tomatsu, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, 水濑祈, Shiori Izawa, Hiroki Yasumoto


The Monkey King: 2023 | PG | 92 min | 6.724 rating
A stick-wielding monkey teams with a young girl on an epic quest for immortality, battling demons, dragons, gods — and his own ego — along the way.
Cast: Jimmy O. Yang, Bowen Yang, Jolie Hoang-Rappaport, Jo Koy, Ron Yuan


Gridman Universe: 2023 |  | 118 min | 8.679 rating
Sometime ago, this world was created by a girl, and was then destroyed by her in order to vent her frustration towards the reality. It was Gridman the Hyper Agent, the humane monster she created, Yuta Hibiki and his friends who saved her heart. Yuta Hibiki had just become a second-year high school student and decided to reveal his feelings to his classmate, Rikka. However, Kaiju suddenly appeared and began to attack the city. Gridman came back from the alternate dimension and told Yuta that worlds of different dimensions which were once in harmony were rapidly losing their balance. When the red dragon Dyan Rex, the Gridman's supporters named “Neon Genesis Junior High Students”, and the residents of an alternative world, Yomogi Asanaka and his friends appeared one by one, Yuta was once again caught up in a great crisis…
Cast: Hikaru Midorikawa, Yuya Hirose, Soma Saito, Yume Miyamoto, Junya Enoki


Butcher's Crossing: 2023 |  | 105 min | 5.938 rating
In the 1870s, a young Harvard dropout seeks his destiny out West by tying his fate to a team of buffalo hunters led by a man named Miller. Together, they embark on a harrowing journey risking life and sanity.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Fred Hechinger, Jeremy Bobb, Paul Raci, Xander Berkeley


The Captive: 2014 | R | 112 min | 5.834 rating
Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Scott Speedman, Rosario Dawson, Mireille Enos, Kevin Durand


172 Days: 2023 | NR | 103 min | 6 rating
Zira was united with Amer for 172 very memorable days. Fate separated, Amer left too soon, leaving many sweet memories for Zira.
Cast: Yasmin Napper, Bryan Domani, Abun Sungkar, Yoriko Angeline, Amara Sophie


Poseído: 2019 | NR | Runtime NA | 4.8 rating
Cristian is attacked by an evil entity , her mother did not know what to do , his godfather father Ernesto fought to save him and thus regain the faith of the people.
Cast: Amelia Zapata, Cristina Zulueta, Louis David Horné, Elyfer Torres, César Kancino


Troy: 2004 | R | 163 min | 7.152 rating
In year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age, two emerging nations begin to clash. Paris, the Trojan prince, convinces Helen, Queen of Sparta, to leave her husband Menelaus, and sail with him back to Troy. After Menelaus finds out that his wife was taken by the Trojans, he asks his brother Agamemnon to help him get her back. Agamemnon sees this as an opportunity for power. They set off with 1,000 ships holding 50,000 Greeks to Troy.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Orlando Bloom, Eric Bana, Brian Cox, Sean Bean


Black Butler: Book of Murder: 2014 | NR | 116 min | 8.1 rating
At the Queen’s request, Ciel and the demon butler Sebastian host an extravagant dinner party for the who’s who of the London underground. But an evening that begins with the promise of unmatched elegance quickly spirals into mayhem when their most distinguished guest is found murdered in his room. Now, trapped in the Phantomhive Manor by a dark and stormy night, Ciel and Sebastian must work together with their high-class guests, including the legendary author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, to find the murderer in their midst before the blame falls on the host and his somewhat suspicious staff.
Cast: Daisuke Ono, Maaya Sakamoto, Ryohei Kimura, Shintaro Asanuma, Junichi Suwabe


The Matrix: 1999 | R | 136 min | 8.21 rating
Set in the 22nd century, The Matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Joe Pantoliano


Creed: 2015 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.4 rating
The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed.
Cast: Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Phylicia Rashād, Andre Ward


The Meg: 2018 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.3 rating
A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench, and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct.
Cast: Jason Statham, Li Bingbing, Rainn Wilson, Cliff Curtis, Ruby Rose


Thor: 2011 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.767 rating
Against his father Odin's will, The Mighty Thor - a powerful but arrogant warrior god - recklessly reignites an ancient war. Thor is cast down to Earth and forced to live among humans as punishment. Once here, Thor learns what it takes to be a true hero when the most dangerous villain of his world sends the darkest forces of Asgard to invade Earth.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston, Anthony Hopkins, Stellan Skarsgård


2012: 2009 | PG-13 | 158 min | 5.828 rating
Dr. Adrian Helmsley, part of a worldwide geophysical team investigating the effect on the earth of radiation from unprecedented solar storms, learns that the earth's core is heating up. He warns U.S. President Thomas Wilson that the crust of the earth is becoming unstable and that without proper preparations for saving a fraction of the world's population, the entire race is doomed. Meanwhile, writer Jackson Curtis stumbles on the same information. While the world's leaders race to build "arks" to escape the impending cataclysm, Curtis struggles to find a way to save his family. Meanwhile, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes of unprecedented strength wreak havoc around the world.
Cast: John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet, Oliver Platt, Thandiwe Newton


Below Her Mouth: 2017 |  | 92 min | 6.796 rating
An unexpected affair quickly escalates into a heart-stopping reality for two women whose passionate connection changes their lives forever.
Cast: Erika Linder, Natalie Krill, Sebastian Pigott, Mayko Nguyen, Tommie-Amber Pirie


xXx: 2002 | PG-13 | 124 min | 5.922 rating
Xander Cage is your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude. When the US Government "recruits" him to go on a mission, he's not exactly thrilled. His mission: to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world, led by the nihilistic Yorgi.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Asia Argento, Marton Csokas, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Roof


Mission: Impossible - Fallout: 2018 | PG-13 | 147 min | 7.42 rating
When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Henry Cavill, Ving Rhames, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson


Space Wars: Quest for the Deepstar: 2023 |  | 90 min | 3.86 rating
A father and daughter team of space scavengers race against a band of evil mercenaries to reach a legendary lost freighter called the Deepstar. Along their trek through the universe, they encounter monsters, aliens, robots, and something even worse.
Cast: Michael Paré, Olivier Gruner, Sarah French, Tyler Gallant, Rachele Brooke Smith


Corpse Bride: 2005 | PG | 77 min | 7.546 rating
Set in a 19th-century European village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Emily Watson, Tracey Ullman, Paul Whitehouse


The Devil Wears Prada: 2006 | PG-13 | 109 min | 7.389 rating
Andy moves to New York to work in the fashion industry. Her boss is extremely demanding, cruel and won't let her succeed if she doesn't fit into the high class elegant look of their magazine.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt, Stanley Tucci, Simon Baker


Bullet Train: 2022 | R | 127 min | 7.496 rating
Unlucky assassin Ladybug is determined to do his job peacefully after one too many gigs gone off the rails. Fate, however, may have other plans, as Ladybug's latest mission puts him on a collision course with lethal adversaries from around the globe—all with connected, yet conflicting, objectives—on the world's fastest train.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Joey King, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Brian Tyree Henry, Andrew Koji


Scarygirl: 2023 | NR | 90 min | 7.2 rating
As her world is shrouded in darkness, a young girl must overcome her fears and travel to a mysterious city of light, save her father from a dangerous scientist and prevent the destruction of her planet.
Cast: Jillian Nguyen, Remy Hii, Sam Neill, Rob Collins, Tim Minchin


It Chapter Two: 2019 | R | 169 min | 6.849 rating
27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise, the former members of the Losers' Club, who have grown up and moved away from Derry, are brought back together by a devastating phone call.
Cast: James McAvoy, Jessica Chastain, Isaiah Mustafa, Bill Hader, Jay Ryan


Space Wars: Quest for the Deepstar: 2023 |  | 90 min | 3.86 rating
A father and daughter team of space scavengers race against a band of evil mercenaries to reach a legendary lost freighter called the Deepstar. Along their trek through the universe, they encounter monsters, aliens, robots, and something even worse.
Cast: Michael Paré, Olivier Gruner, Sarah French, Tyler Gallant, Rachele Brooke Smith


The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild: 2022 | PG | 82 min | 6.654 rating
The fearless one-eyed weasel Buck teams up with mischievous possum brothers Crash & Eddie as they head off on a new adventure into Buck's home: The Dinosaur World.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Vincent Tong, Aaron Harris, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Justina Machado


Iron Man 3: 2013 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.928 rating
When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Ben Kingsley


Knuckle Girl: 2023 |  | 107 min | 6.471 rating
Ran participates in a death match in order to save her missing sister Yuzuki.
Cast: Ayaka Miyoshi, Hideaki Ito, Yosuke Kubozuka, Goki Maeda, Kanata Hosoda


Barcelona Christmas Night: 2015 | NR | 95 min | 6.3 rating
Multiple love stories unfold in Barcelona during Christmas's Eve.
Cast: Miki Esparbé, Bárbara Santa-Cruz, Alberto San Juan, Vicky Luengo, Àlex Maruny


Corpse Bride: 2005 | PG | 77 min | 7.546 rating
Set in a 19th-century European village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Emily Watson, Tracey Ullman, Paul Whitehouse


The Devil Wears Prada: 2006 | PG-13 | 109 min | 7.389 rating
Andy moves to New York to work in the fashion industry. Her boss is extremely demanding, cruel and won't let her succeed if she doesn't fit into the high class elegant look of their magazine.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt, Stanley Tucci, Simon Baker


Superfast!: 2015 | PG-13 | 99 min | 4.969 rating
Undercover cop Lucas White joins Vin Serento's LA gang of illegal street racers. They are fast and they are furious and they plan to double cross LA crime kingpin Juan Carlos de la Sol who hides his cash in a downtown Taco Bell. The gang's outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous and will see them towing the whole restaurant, at crazy speeds.
Cast: Alex Ashbaugh, Dale Pavinski, Andrea Navedo, Lili Mirojnick, Gonzalo Menendez


Scarygirl: 2023 | NR | 90 min | 7.2 rating
As her world is shrouded in darkness, a young girl must overcome her fears and travel to a mysterious city of light, save her father from a dangerous scientist and prevent the destruction of her planet.
Cast: Jillian Nguyen, Remy Hii, Sam Neill, Rob Collins, Tim Minchin


Terror on the Prairie: 2022 |  | 107 min | 6.3 rating
A pioneering family fights back against a gang of vicious outlaws that is terrorizing them on their newly-built farm on the plains of Montana.
Cast: Gina Carano, Nick Searcy, Donald Cerrone, Heath Freeman, Tyler Fischer


Haunted Mansion: 2023 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.603 rating
A woman and her son enlist a motley crew of so-called spiritual experts to help rid their home of supernatural squatters.
Cast: Rosario Dawson, Chase W. Dillon, LaKeith Stanfield, Owen Wilson, Tiffany Haddish


Jingle All the Way: 1996 | PG | 89 min | 6.021 rating
Howard Langston, a salesman for a mattress company, is constantly kept busy at his job, disappointing his son. After he misses his son's karate exposition, Howard vows to make it up to him by buying an action figure of his son's favorite television hero for Christmas. Unfortunately for Howard, it is Christmas Eve, and every store is sold out of Turbo Man. Now, Howard must travel all over town and compete with everybody else to find a Turbo Man action figure.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sinbad, Phil Hartman, Rita Wilson, Robert Conrad


Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Several generations in the future following Caesar's reign, apes are now the dominant species and live harmoniously while humans have been reduced to living in the shadows. As a new tyrannical ape leader builds his empire, one young ape undertakes a harrowing journey that will cause him to question all that he has known about the past and to make choices that will define a future for apes and humans alike.
Cast: Owen Teague, Freya Allan, Peter Macon, Kevin Durand, William H. Macy


The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1: 2011 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.205 rating
The new found married bliss of Bella Swan and vampire Edward Cullen is cut short when a series of betrayals and misfortunes threatens to destroy their world.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Billy Burke, Peter Facinelli


Exodus: Gods and Kings: 2014 | PG-13 | 150 min | 5.852 rating
The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues.
Cast: Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Ben Kingsley, John Turturro, Aaron Paul


Bullet Train: 2022 | R | 127 min | 7.5 rating
Unlucky assassin Ladybug is determined to do his job peacefully after one too many gigs gone off the rails. Fate, however, may have other plans, as Ladybug's latest mission puts him on a collision course with lethal adversaries from around the globe—all with connected, yet conflicting, objectives—on the world's fastest train.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Joey King, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Brian Tyree Henry, Andrew Koji


Soulcatcher: 2023 | R | 99 min | 6.543 rating
A military contractor hired to seize a weapon that turns people into savage killers seeks revenge when his brother falls victim to the device.
Cast: Piotr Witkowski, Jacek Koman, Jacek Poniedziałek, Mariusz Bonaszewski, Aleksandra Adamska


The Martian: 2015 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.683 rating
During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.
Cast: Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Peña


Black Panther: 2018 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.388 rating
King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings, T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantle to join with ex-girlfriend Nakia, the queen-mother, his princess-kid sister, members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war.
Cast: Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Martin Freeman


Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb: 2014 | PG | 98 min | 6.208 rating
When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out, Larry Daley spans the globe, uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Robin Williams, Owen Wilson, Steve Coogan, Ricky Gervais


Black Widow: 2021 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.288 rating
Natasha Romanoff, also known as Black Widow, confronts the darker parts of her ledger when a dangerous conspiracy with ties to her past arises. Pursued by a force that will stop at nothing to bring her down, Natasha must deal with her history as a spy and the broken relationships left in her wake long before she became an Avenger.
Cast: Scarlett Johansson, Florence Pugh, Rachel Weisz, David Harbour, Ray Winstone


Operation Napoleon: 2023 | NR | 112 min | 6.364 rating
A modern-day lawyer is sucked into an international conspiracy after being accused of a murder she didn't commit. Her only chance of freedom lies in uncovering the secret of an old German WWII aeroplane, long buried deep beneath the ice, before the CIA.
Cast: Vivian Ólafsdóttir, Jack Fox, Iain Glen, Wotan Wilke Möhring, Ólafur Darri Ólafsson


Trespass: 1992 | R | 101 min | 6.276 rating
Two Arkansas firemen, Vince and Don, get hold of a map that leads to a cache of stolen gold in an abandoned factory in East St. Louis. What they don't know is that the factory is on the turf of a local gang, who come by to execute one of their enemies. Vince sees the shooting, the gang spots Vince, and extended mayhem ensues. As Vince and Don try to escape, gang leader King James argues with his subordinate Savon about how to get rid of the trespassers.
Cast: Bill Paxton, Ice-T, William Sadler, Ice Cube, Art Evans


The King's Man: 2021 | R | 131 min | 6.8 rating
As a collection of history's worst tyrants and criminal masterminds gather to plot a war to wipe out millions, one man must race against time to stop them.
Cast: Ralph Fiennes, Gemma Arterton, Rhys Ifans, Matthew Goode, Tom Hollander


Nobody: 2021 | R | 92 min | 8.003 rating
Hutch Mansell, a suburban dad, overlooked husband, nothing neighbor — a "nobody." When two thieves break into his home one night, Hutch's unknown long-simmering rage is ignited and propels him on a brutal path that will uncover dark secrets he fought to leave behind.
Cast: Bob Odenkirk, Aleksey Serebryakov, Connie Nielsen, Christopher Lloyd, Michael Ironside


Beauty and the Beast: 1991 | G | 84 min | 7.733 rating
Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.
Cast: Paige O'Hara, Robby Benson, Richard White, Jerry Orbach, David Ogden Stiers


Finestkind: 2023 | R | 126 min | 7.486 rating
Two brothers are pulled into a deal with an organized crime syndicate in Boston.
Cast: Ben Foster, Toby Wallace, Jenna Ortega, Tommy Lee Jones, Ismael Cruz Córdova


Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom: 1984 | PG | 118 min | 7.296 rating
After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees – and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Kate Capshaw, Ke Huy Quan, Amrish Puri, Roshan Seth


Asteroid City: 2023 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.55 rating
In an American desert town circa 1955, the itinerary of a Junior Stargazer/Space Cadet convention is spectacularly disrupted by world-changing events.
Cast: Jason Schwartzman, Scarlett Johansson, Tom Hanks, Jeffrey Wright, Tilda Swinton


Howl's Moving Castle: 2004 | PG | 119 min | 8.404 rating
Sophie, a young milliner, is turned into an elderly woman by a witch who enters her shop and curses her. She encounters a wizard named Howl and gets caught up in his resistance to fighting for the king.
Cast: Chieko Baisho, Takuya Kimura, Akihiro Miwa, Tatsuya Gashûin, Ryunosuke Kamiki


The Wrath of Becky: 2023 | R | 83 min | 6.454 rating
Two years after she escaped a violent attack on her family, 16-year-old Becky attempts to rebuild her life in the care of an older woman -- a kindred spirit named Elena. However, when a violent group known as the Noble Men break into their home, attack them and take their beloved dog, Becky must return to her old ways to protect herself and her loved ones.
Cast: Lulu Wilson, Seann William Scott, Denise Burse, Jill Larson, Michael Sirow


The Princess and the Frog: 2009 | G | 98 min | 7.203 rating
A waitress, desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner, is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being, but she has to face the same problem after she kisses him.
Cast: Anika Noni Rose, Bruno Campos, Jim Cummings, Michael-Leon Wooley, Keith David


Drive: 2011 | R | 100 min | 7.576 rating
Driver is a skilled Hollywood stuntman who moonlights as a getaway driver for criminals. Though he projects an icy exterior, lately he's been warming up to a pretty neighbor named Irene and her young son, Benicio. When Irene's husband gets out of jail, he enlists Driver's help in a million-dollar heist. The job goes horribly wrong, and Driver must risk his life to protect Irene and Benicio from the vengeful masterminds behind the robbery.
Cast: Ryan Gosling, Carey Mulligan, Bryan Cranston, Albert Brooks, Oscar Isaac


Surrounded: 2023 | R | 100 min | 6.4 rating
After her stagecoach is ambushed, a woman is  tasked with holding a dangerous outlaw captive and must survive the day when the bandit’s gang tries to free him.
Cast: Letitia Wright, Jamie Bell, Michael Kenneth Williams, Jeffrey Donovan, Kevin Wiggins


Ponyo: 2008 | G | 100 min | 7.739 rating
When Sosuke, a young boy who lives on a clifftop overlooking the sea, rescues a stranded goldfish named Ponyo, he discovers more than he bargained for. Ponyo is a curious, energetic young creature who yearns to be human, but even as she causes chaos around the house, her father, a powerful sorcerer, schemes to return Ponyo to the sea.
Cast: Yuria Kozuki, Hiroki Doi, George Tokoro, Tomoko Yamaguchi, Yuki Amami


Idiocracy: 2006 | R | 84 min | 6.332 rating
To test its top-secret Human Hibernation Project, the Pentagon picks the most average Americans it can find - an Army private and a prostitute - and sends them to the year 2505 after a series of freak events. But when they arrive, they find a civilization so dumbed-down that they're the smartest people around.
Cast: Luke Wilson, Maya Rudolph, Dax Shepard, Terry Crews, Anthony 'Citric' Campos


The Twilight Saga: Eclipse: 2010 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.2 rating
Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob, knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Bryce Dallas Howard, Dakota Fanning


Miracle on 34th Street: 1994 | PG | 114 min | 6.7 rating
Six-year-old Susan Walker has doubts about childhood's most enduring miracle—Santa Claus. Her mother told her the secret about Santa a long time ago, but, after meeting a special department store Santa who's convinced he's the real thing, Susan is given the most precious gift of all—something to believe in.
Cast: Mara Wilson, Richard Attenborough, Dylan McDermott, Elizabeth Perkins, J.T. Walsh


Old: 2021 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.37 rating
A group of families on a tropical holiday discover that the secluded beach where they are staying is somehow causing them to age rapidly – reducing their entire lives into a single day.
Cast: Vicky Krieps, Gael García Bernal, Rufus Sewell, Alex Wolff, Thomasin McKenzie


The Intouchables: 2011 | R | 113 min | 8.279 rating
A true story of two men who should never have met – a quadriplegic aristocrat who was injured in a paragliding accident and a young man from the projects.
Cast: François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Dominique Henry, Anne Le Ny, Clotilde Mollet


The Bad Guys: 2022 | PG | 100 min | 7.6 rating
When the Bad Guys, a crew of criminal animals, are finally caught after years of heists and being the world’s most-wanted villains, Mr. Wolf brokers a deal to save them all from prison.
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Marc Maron, Awkwafina, Craig Robinson, Anthony Ramos


Robin Hood: 2010 | PG-13 | 140 min | 6.388 rating
When soldier Robin happens upon the dying Robert of Loxley, he promises to return the man's sword to his family in Nottingham. There, he assumes Robert's identity; romances his widow, Marion; and draws the ire of the town's sheriff and King John's henchman, Godfrey.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Cate Blanchett, Max von Sydow, William Hurt, Mark Strong


Finding Nemo: 2003 | G | 100 min | 7.824 rating
Nemo, an adventurous young clownfish, is unexpectedly taken from his Great Barrier Reef home to a dentist's office aquarium. It's up to his worrisome father Marlin and a friendly but forgetful fish Dory to bring Nemo home -- meeting vegetarian sharks, surfer dude turtles, hypnotic jellyfish, hungry seagulls, and more along the way.
Cast: Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould, Willem Dafoe, Geoffrey Rush


Superfast!: 2015 | PG-13 | 99 min | 4.969 rating
Undercover cop Lucas White joins Vin Serento's LA gang of illegal street racers. They are fast and they are furious and they plan to double cross LA crime kingpin Juan Carlos de la Sol who hides his cash in a downtown Taco Bell. The gang's outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous and will see them towing the whole restaurant, at crazy speeds.
Cast: Alex Ashbaugh, Dale Pavinski, Andrea Navedo, Lili Mirojnick, Gonzalo Menendez


Me he hecho viral: 2023 | NR | 96 min | 6.69 rating
Mabel has gone viral. And in the least desirable way possible. During her flight to Polynesia, she unlocks her sleeping husband's cell phone with innocent intent, but what she finds is proof of infidelity.
Cast: Blanca Suárez, Nicolás Furtado, Enric Auquer, Miguel Rellán, Cristina Gallego


To Her: 2017 | NR | 90 min | 5.8 rating
Gwang-ho is bored except for the time he's taking off his girlfriend's underwear. He visits his Seoul home at the news that his grandfather is dying. Amidst the awkwardness, he remembers something. Ji-yoon is his cousin who has grown up to be a young lady. Gwang-ho is attracted to the fully grown woman and the same is said for Ji-yoon.
Cast: Yoo Ji-won, Park Seon-woo, Hanna, Kim Jong-sin, G-UNG


Glass: 2019 | PG-13 | 129 min | 6.7 rating
In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men.
Cast: James McAvoy, Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson, Anya Taylor-Joy, Sarah Paulson


Good Will Hunting: 1997 | R | 127 min | 8.149 rating
Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses to work as a janitor at MIT. When he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem, his talents are discovered by Professor Gerald Lambeau, who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. When Will is arrested for attacking a police officer, Professor Lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist Sean Maguire.
Cast: Matt Damon, Robin Williams, Ben Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård, Minnie Driver


Society of the Snow: 2023 | R | 143 min | 7.8 rating
On October 13, 1972, Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571, chartered to take a rugby team to Chile, crashes into a glacier in the heart of the Andes.
Cast: Enzo Vogrincic, Agustín Pardella, Matías Recalt, Tomas Wolf, Diego Ariel Vegezzi


Grown Ups: 2010 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.366 rating
After their high school basketball coach passes away, five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Rob Schneider


Taken: 2008 | PG-13 | 94 min | 7.39 rating
While vacationing with a friend in Paris, an American girl is kidnapped by a gang of human traffickers intent on selling her into forced prostitution. Working against the clock, her ex-spy father must pull out all the stops to save her. But with his best years possibly behind him, the job may be more than he can handle.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Leland Orser, Famke Janssen, Jon Gries


Home Sweet Home Alone: 2021 | PG | 93 min | 4.943 rating
After being left at home by himself for the holidays, 10-year-old Max Mercer must work to defend his home from a married couple who tries to steal back a valuable heirloom.
Cast: Ellie Kemper, Rob Delaney, Archie Yates, Aisling Bea, Pete Holmes


World War Z: 2013 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.81 rating
Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Mireille Enos, Daniella Kertesz, James Badge Dale, Ludi Boeken


Rampage: 2018 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.455 rating
Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse, it’s soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America, destroying everything in their path, Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote, fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield, not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Naomie Harris, Malin Åkerman, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Jake Lacy


Your Name.: 2016 | PG | 106 min | 8.5 rating
High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki’s body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other.
Cast: Ryunosuke Kamiki, Mone Kamishiraishi, Ryo Narita, Aoi Yuki, Nobunaga Shimazaki


The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry: 2023 | NR | 108 min | 6.7 rating
Harold Fry is an unremarkable man who has made mistakes with all the important things: being a husband, a father and a friend. And now, well into his 60s, he is content to fade quietly into the background of life. Until, one day – Harold learns his old friend Queenie is dying. Harold leaves home, walking to his post office to send her a letter. And out of the blue, Harold decides to keep walking, all the way to her hospice, 450 miles away.
Cast: Jim Broadbent, Penelope Wilton, Linda Bassett, Earl Cave, Joseph Mydell


The Shepherd: 2023 | PG | 39 min | 6.783 rating
On Christmas Eve, a fighter pilot on his way home gets lost mid-flight over water and needs a miracle to land safely.
Cast: Ben Radcliffe, John Travolta, Steven Mackintosh, Scarlet Grace, Millie Kent


Pixels: 2015 | PG-13 | 105 min | 5.7 rating
Video game experts are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who've attacked New York.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Michelle Monaghan, Peter Dinklage, Josh Gad


The Good, the Bad and the Ugly: 1966 | R | 161 min | 8.472 rating
While the Civil War rages on between the Union and the Confederacy, three men – a quiet loner, a ruthless hitman, and a Mexican bandit – comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200,000 in stolen gold.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach, Lee Van Cleef, Aldo Giuffrè, Luigi Pistilli


The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild: 2022 | PG | 82 min | 6.654 rating
The fearless one-eyed weasel Buck teams up with mischievous possum brothers Crash & Eddie as they head off on a new adventure into Buck's home: The Dinosaur World.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Vincent Tong, Aaron Harris, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Justina Machado


All Souls: 2023 | R | 81 min | 7.139 rating
A young confidential informant is sent on a dangerous undercover operation. It's a no-holds-barred look at the vulnerable foot soldiers of the War on Drugs, young criminals who are pressured to work for the police.
Cast: Mikey Madison, G-Eazy, Samuel Roukin, Mia Love Disnard, Zach Villa


Don't Sleep: 2017 | NR | 101 min | 5.306 rating
After moving into a cottage together, two young lovers confront horrors of a forgotten childhood.
Cast: Cary Elwes, Dominic Sherwood, Drea de Matteo, Jill Hennessy, Andrew Lewis Caldwell


Redeeming Love: 2022 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.846 rating
A retelling of the biblical book of Hosea set against the backdrop of the California Gold Rush of 1850.
Cast: Abigail Cowen, Tom Lewis, Eric Dane, Famke Janssen, Logan Marshall-Green


Avengers: Age of Ultron: 2015 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.274 rating
When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and Earth’s Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges, it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans, and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson


Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba Sibling's Bond: 2019 | PG-13 | 105 min | 7.868 rating
Tanjiro finds his family slaughtered and the lone survivor, his sister Nezuko Kamado, turned into a Demon. To his surprise, however, Nezuko still shows signs of human emotion and thought. Thus begins Tanjiro's journey to seek out the Demon who killed their family and turn his sister human again. A recap film of Kimetsu no Yaiba, covering episodes 1-5 with extra footage.
Cast: Natsuki Hanae, Akari Kito, Takahiro Sakurai, Hochu Otsuka, Yuki Kaji


Knives Out: 2019 | PG-13 | 131 min | 7.845 rating
When renowned crime novelist Harlan Thrombey is found dead at his estate just after his 85th birthday, the inquisitive and debonair Detective Benoit Blanc is mysteriously enlisted to investigate. From Harlan's dysfunctional family to his devoted staff, Blanc sifts through a web of red herrings and self-serving lies to uncover the truth behind Harlan's untimely death.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Chris Evans, Ana de Armas, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Shannon


Kingdom of Heaven: 2005 | R | 144 min | 6.9 rating
After his wife dies, a blacksmith named Balian is thrust into royalty, political intrigue and bloody holy wars during the Crusades.
Cast: Orlando Bloom, Eva Green, Jeremy Irons, David Thewlis, Edward Norton


RDX: Robert Dony Xavier: 2023 | NR | 150 min | 7 rating
Once-menacing, anger fueled, trained martial arts fighters Robert, Dony and Xavier settle down to peaceful lives, after a significant event prompts them. Fate orchestrates their reunion and return from exile to their fighting ways, when their history linger ominously and one of them faces a violent attack.
Cast: Shane Nigam, Antony Varghese, Neeraj Madhav, Lal, Babu Antony


It Chapter Two: 2019 | R | 169 min | 6.849 rating
27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise, the former members of the Losers' Club, who have grown up and moved away from Derry, are brought back together by a devastating phone call.
Cast: James McAvoy, Jessica Chastain, Isaiah Mustafa, Bill Hader, Jay Ryan


Hidden Figures: 2016 | PG | 127 min | 8.057 rating
The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson – brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history – the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big.
Cast: Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, Janelle Monáe, Kevin Costner, Kirsten Dunst


Everything Everywhere All at Once: 2022 |  | 140 min | 7.814 rating
An aging Chinese immigrant is swept up in an insane adventure, where she alone can save what's important to her by connecting with the lives she could have led in other universes.
Cast: Michelle Yeoh, Stephanie Hsu, Ke Huy Quan, James Hong, Jamie Lee Curtis


Morbius: 2022 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.1 rating
Dangerously ill with a rare blood disorder, and determined to save others suffering his same fate, Dr. Michael Morbius attempts a desperate gamble. What at first appears to be a radical success soon reveals itself to be a remedy potentially worse than the disease.
Cast: Jared Leto, Matt Smith, Adria Arjona, Jared Harris, Al Madrigal


Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters: 2013 | R | 88 min | 6.036 rating
After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past.
Cast: Jeremy Renner, Gemma Arterton, Famke Janssen, Pihla Viitala, Derek Mears


John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum: 2019 | R | 131 min | 7.447 rating
Super-assassin John Wick returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin’s guild, the High Table, John Wick is excommunicado, but the world’s most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Halle Berry, Ian McShane, Laurence Fishburne, Mark Dacascos


Predator: 1987 | R | 107 min | 7.514 rating
A team of elite commandos on a secret mission in a Central American jungle come to find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers, Elpidia Carrillo, Jesse Ventura, Sonny Landham


The Last Duel: 2021 | R | 153 min | 7.458 rating
King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire, Jacques Le Gris, by challenging him to a duel.
Cast: Matt Damon, Adam Driver, Jodie Comer, Ben Affleck, Harriet Walter


American Sniper: 2014 | R | 133 min | 7.429 rating
U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission—protect his comrades—to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller, Kyle Gallner, Cole Konis, Ben Reed


Man of Steel: 2013 | PG-13 | 143 min | 6.616 rating
A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind.
Cast: Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Michael Shannon, Diane Lane, Russell Crowe


The Last Son: 2021 | R | 96 min | 5.814 rating
Isaac LeMay, a murderous outlaw, learns he is cursed by a prophecy: one of his children will kill him. To prevent this, he hunts down each of his estranged children, including long-lost son Cal. With bounty hunters and Sheriff Solomon on his tail, LeMay must find a way to stop his children and end the curse.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Machine Gun Kelly, Thomas Jane, Heather Graham, Emily Marie Palmer


Hidden Figures: 2016 | PG | 127 min | 8.057 rating
The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson – brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history – the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big.
Cast: Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, Janelle Monáe, Kevin Costner, Kirsten Dunst


Aladdin: 2019 | PG | 127 min | 7.113 rating
A kindhearted street urchin named Aladdin embarks on a magical adventure after finding a lamp that releases a wisecracking genie while a power-hungry Grand Vizier vies for the same lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true.
Cast: Will Smith, Mena Massoud, Naomi Scott, Marwan Kenzari, Navid Negahban


The Whale: 2022 | R | 117 min | 7.918 rating
A reclusive English teacher suffering from severe obesity attempts to reconnect with his estranged teenage daughter for one last chance at redemption.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Sadie Sink, Ty Simpkins, Hong Chau, Samantha Morton


Morbius: 2022 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.085 rating
Dangerously ill with a rare blood disorder, and determined to save others suffering his same fate, Dr. Michael Morbius attempts a desperate gamble. What at first appears to be a radical success soon reveals itself to be a remedy potentially worse than the disease.
Cast: Jared Leto, Matt Smith, Adria Arjona, Jared Harris, Al Madrigal


Transformers: The Last Knight: 2017 | PG-13 | 154 min | 6.058 rating
Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Josh Duhamel, Stanley Tucci, Anthony Hopkins, Isabela Merced


Predator: 1987 | R | 107 min | 7.5 rating
A team of elite commandos on a secret mission in a Central American jungle come to find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers, Elpidia Carrillo, Jesse Ventura, Sonny Landham


Redeeming Love: 2022 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.846 rating
A retelling of the biblical book of Hosea set against the backdrop of the California Gold Rush of 1850.
Cast: Abigail Cowen, Tom Lewis, Eric Dane, Famke Janssen, Logan Marshall-Green


How the Grinch Stole Christmas!: 1966 | G | 26 min | 7.5 rating
Bitter and hateful, the Grinch is irritated at the thought of a nearby village having a happy time celebrating Christmas. Disguised as Santa Claus, with his dog made to look like a reindeer, he decides to raid the village to steal all the Christmas things.
Cast: Boris Karloff, June Foray, Thurl Ravenscroft, Dal McKennon


Hercules: 1997 | G | 93 min | 7.501 rating
Bestowed with superhuman strength, a young mortal named Hercules sets out to prove himself a hero in the eyes of his father, the great god Zeus. Along with his friends Pegasus, a flying horse, and Phil, a personal trainer, Hercules is tricked by the hilarious, hotheaded villain Hades, who's plotting to take over Mount Olympus!
Cast: Tate Donovan, Josh Keaton, Roger Bart, Danny DeVito, James Woods


Tenet: 2020 | PG-13 | 150 min | 7.188 rating
Armed with only one word - Tenet - and fighting for the survival of the entire world, the Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold in something beyond real time.
Cast: John David Washington, Robert Pattinson, Elizabeth Debicki, Kenneth Branagh, Dimple Kapadia


Welcome al Norte: 2023 | NR | 100 min | 8.409 rating
Polito is the manager of a courier and parcel branch in Yucatán, who seeks to fulfill his dream of receiving a promotion and having a place in Cancun to move in with his wife Teo and son. Pressured by his wife, he will be willing to do anything to get it and he plans a strategy where he will achieve his transfer but a little further north: Tijuana.
Cast: Silverio Palacios, Ricardo Abarca, Isabel Burr, Héctor Jiménez, Paco Rueda


Journey to Bethlehem: 2023 | PG | 98 min | 7.1 rating
A young woman carrying an unimaginable responsibility. A young man torn between love and honor. A jealous king who will stop at nothing to keep his crown.
Cast: Fiona Palomo, Milo Manheim, Antonio Banderas, Joel Smallbone, Stephanie Gil


Madagascar: 2005 | PG | 86 min | 6.898 rating
Alex the lion is the king of the urban jungle, the main attraction at New York's Central Park Zoo. He and his best friends—Marty the zebra, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippo—have spent their whole lives in blissful captivity before an admiring public and with regular meals provided for them. Not content to leave well enough alone, Marty lets his curiosity get the better of him and makes his escape—with the help of some prodigious penguins—to explore the world.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Sacha Baron Cohen


Once Upon a Studio: 2023 | G | 9 min | 8.44 rating
Created for Disney's 100th anniversary, the short features Mickey Mouse corralling a gallery of legendary Disney characters for a group photo.
Cast: Chris Diamantopoulos, Kaitlyn Robrock, Tony Anselmo, Bill Farmer, Jim Cummings


Inside: 2023 | R | 105 min | 5.706 rating
An art thief becomes trapped in a New York penthouse after his heist goes awry. Imprisoned with nothing but priceless works of art, he must use all his cunning and invention to survive.
Cast: Willem Dafoe, Gene Bervoets, Josia Krug, Eliza Stuyck, Andrew Blumenthal


The Wizard of Oz: 1939 | G | 102 min | 7.574 rating
Young Dorothy finds herself in a magical world where she makes friends with a lion, a scarecrow and a tin man as they make their way along the yellow brick road to talk with the Wizard and ask for the things they miss most in their lives. The Wicked Witch of the West is the only thing that could stop them.
Cast: Judy Garland, Ray Bolger, Jack Haley, Bert Lahr, Frank Morgan


Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku: 1990 | NR | 48 min | 7.524 rating
Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Kazuyuki Sogabe, Yuko Mita, Takeshi Watabe, Kozo Shioya


Umma: 2022 | PG-13 | 83 min | 5.361 rating
Amanda and her daughter live a quiet life on an American farm, but when the remains of her estranged mother arrive from Korea, Amanda becomes haunted by the fear of turning into her own mother.
Cast: Sandra Oh, Fivel Stewart, Dermot Mulroney, Odeya Rush, MeeWha Alana Lee


Sakra: 2023 | R | 130 min | 6.577 rating
Qiao Feng is the respected leader of a roving band of martial artists. After he is wrongfully accused of murder and subsequently exiled, Qiao Feng goes on the run in search of answers about his own mysterious origin story—and the unknown enemies working to destroy him from the shadows.
Cast: Donnie Yen, Yukee Chen, Liu Yase, Kara Hui Ying-Hung, Wu Yue


The Curious Case of Benjamin Button: 2008 | PG-13 | 166 min | 7.581 rating
Born under unusual circumstances, Benjamin Button springs into being as an elderly man in a New Orleans nursing home and ages in reverse. Twelve years after his birth, he meets Daisy, a child who flits in and out of his life as she grows up to be a dancer. Though he has all sorts of unusual adventures over the course of his life, it is his relationship with Daisy, and the hope that they will come together at the right time, that drives Benjamin forward.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Cate Blanchett, Taraji P. Henson, Julia Ormond, Jason Flemyng


The Amazing Spider-Man: 2012 | PG-13 | 136 min | 6.7 rating
Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance – leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero.
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, Rhys Ifans, Martin Sheen, Sally Field


65: 2023 | PG-13 | 92 min | 6.103 rating
65 million years ago, the only 2 survivors of a spaceship from Somaris that crash-landed on Earth, must fend off dinosaurs to reach the escape vessel in time before an imminent asteroid strike threatens to destroy the planet.
Cast: Adam Driver, Ariana Greenblatt, Chloe Coleman, Nika King, Brian Dare


Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs: 2009 | PG | 94 min | 6.7 rating
Times are changing for Manny the moody mammoth, Sid the motor mouthed sloth and Diego the crafty saber-toothed tiger. Life heats up for our heroes when they meet some new and none-too-friendly neighbors – the mighty dinosaurs.
Cast: Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah, Simon Pegg


Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief: 2010 | PG | 118 min | 6.215 rating
Accident prone teenager, Percy discovers he's actually a demi-God, the son of Poseidon, and he is needed when Zeus' lightning is stolen. Percy must master his new found skills in order to prevent a war between the Gods that could devastate the entire world.
Cast: Logan Lerman, Brandon T. Jackson, Alexandra Daddario, Jake Abel, Pierce Brosnan


Don Jon: 2013 | R | 90 min | 5.998 rating
A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Scarlett Johansson, Julianne Moore, Tony Danza, Glenne Headly


Arthur Christmas: 2011 | PG | 97 min | 6.8 rating
Each Christmas, Santa and his vast army of highly trained elves produce gifts and distribute them around the world in one night. However, when one of 600 million children to receive a gift from Santa on Christmas Eve is missed, it is deemed ‘acceptable’ to all but one—Arthur. Arthur Claus is Santa’s misfit son who executes an unauthorised rookie mission to get the last present half way around the globe before dawn on Christmas morning.
Cast: James McAvoy, Hugh Laurie, Bill Nighy, Jim Broadbent, Imelda Staunton


Alice in Wonderland: 2010 | PG | 108 min | 6.63 rating
Alice, now 19 years old, returns to the whimsical world she first entered as a child and embarks on a journey to discover her true destiny.
Cast: Mia Wasikowska, Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter, Crispin Glover


Treasure Planet: 2002 | PG | 95 min | 7.5 rating
When space galleon cabin boy Jim Hawkins discovers a map to an intergalactic "loot of a thousand worlds," a cyborg cook named John Silver teaches him to battle supernovas and space storms on their journey to find treasure.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Brian Murray, Emma Thompson, David Hyde Pierce, Martin Short


Godzilla: City on the Edge of Battle: 2018 | PG-13 | 101 min | 6.45 rating
Humanity's desperate battle to reclaim the Earth from Godzilla continues. The key to defeating the King of the Monsters may be Mechagodzilla, a robotic weapon thought to have been lost nearly 20,000 years ago.
Cast: Mamoru Miyano, Yuki Kaji, Tomokazu Sugita, Takahiro Sakurai, Junichi Suwabe


Emmanuelle 6: 1988 | R | 80 min | 4.2 rating
Journey with Emmanuelle and the world's most excuisite models deep into the Amazon jungle to the heart of paradise. Beauty can be dangerous and the women soon find themselves captive to a powerful drug lord. Now they must escape from a land of darkness
Cast: Natalie Uher, Jean-René Gossart, Tamira, Gustavo Rodríguez, Thomas Obermuller


Shin Kamen Rider: 2023 | NR | 121 min | 6.986 rating
A man forced to bear power and stripped of humanity. A woman skeptical of happiness. Takeshi Hongo, an Augmentation made by SHOCKER, and Ruriko Midorikawa, a rebel of the organization, escape while fighting off assassins. What’s justice? What’s evil? Will this violence end? Despite his power, Hongo tries to remain human. Along with freedom, Ruriko has regained a heart. What paths will they choose?
Cast: Sosuke Ikematsu, Minami Hamabe, Tasuku Emoto, Mirai Moriyama, Nanase Nishino


WALL·E: 2008 | PG | 98 min | 8.081 rating
What if mankind had to leave Earth and somebody forgot to turn the last robot off? After hundreds of years doing what he was built for, WALL•E discovers a new purpose in life when he meets a sleek search robot named EVE. EVE comes to realize that WALL•E has inadvertently stumbled upon the key to the planet's future, and races back to space to report to the humans. Meanwhile, WALL•E chases EVE across the galaxy and sets into motion one of the most imaginative adventures ever brought to the big screen.
Cast: Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, Fred Willard, John Ratzenberger


The Twilight Saga: New Moon: 2009 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6 rating
Forks, Washington resident Bella Swan is reeling from the departure of her vampire love, Edward Cullen, and finds comfort in her friendship with Jacob Black, a werewolf. But before she knows it, she's thrust into a centuries-old conflict, and her desire to be with Edward at any cost leads her to take greater and greater risks.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Dakota Fanning, Michael Sheen


Jungle Cruise: 2021 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.408 rating
Dr. Lily Houghton enlists the aid of wisecracking skipper Frank Wolff to take her down the Amazon in his dilapidated boat. Together, they search for an ancient tree that holds the power to heal – a discovery that will change the future of medicine.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Emily Blunt, Edgar Ramírez, Jack Whitehall, Jesse Plemons


Aladdin: 2019 | PG | 127 min | 7.113 rating
A kindhearted street urchin named Aladdin embarks on a magical adventure after finding a lamp that releases a wisecracking genie while a power-hungry Grand Vizier vies for the same lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true.
Cast: Will Smith, Mena Massoud, Naomi Scott, Marwan Kenzari, Navid Negahban


Piranha 3D: 2010 | R | 88 min | 5.393 rating
Each year the population of sleepy Lake Victoria, Arizona explodes from 5,000 to 50,000 residents for the annual Spring Break celebration. But then, an earthquake opens an underwater chasm, releasing an enormous swarm of ancient Piranha that have been dormant for thousands of years, now with a taste for human flesh. This year, there's something more to worry about than the usual hangovers and complaints from locals, a new type of terror is about to be cut loose on Lake Victoria.
Cast: Elisabeth Shue, Jerry O'Connell, Steven R. McQueen, Jessica Szohr, Kelly Brook


Snake Eyes: G.I. Joe Origins: 2021 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.5 rating
After saving the life of their heir apparent, tenacious loner Snake Eyes is welcomed into an ancient Japanese clan called the Arashikage where he is taught the ways of the ninja warrior. But, when secrets from his past are revealed, Snake Eyes' honor and allegiance will be tested – even if that means losing the trust of those closest to him.
Cast: Henry Golding, Andrew Koji, Haruka Abe, Úrsula Corberó, Samara Weaving


Ghost Rider: 2007 | PG-13 | 114 min | 5.6 rating
In order to save his dying father, young stunt cyclist Johnny Blaze sells his soul to Mephistopheles and sadly parts from the pure-hearted Roxanne Simpson, the love of his life. Years later, Johnny's path crosses again with Roxanne, now a go-getting reporter, and also with Mephistopheles, who offers to release Johnny's soul if Johnny becomes the fabled, fiery 'Ghost Rider'.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Eva Mendes, Sam Elliott, Wes Bentley, Peter Fonda


Boyka: Undisputed IV: 2016 | R | 87 min | 7.1 rating
In the fourth installment of the fighting franchise, Boyka is shooting for the big leagues when an accidental death in the ring makes him question everything he stands for. When he finds out the wife of the man he accidentally killed is in trouble, Boyka offers to fight in a series of impossible battles to free her from a life of servitude.
Cast: Scott Adkins, Teodora Duhovnikova, Alon Abutbul, Julian Vergov, Martyn Ford


Past Lives: 2023 |  | 106 min | 7.9 rating
Nora and Hae Sung, two childhood friends, are reunited in New York for one fateful week as they confront notions of destiny, love, and the choices that make a life.
Cast: Greta Lee, Teo Yoo, John Magaro, Moon Seung-ah, Yim Seung-min


Cocaine Bear: 2023 | R | 96 min | 6.155 rating
Inspired by a true story, an oddball group of cops, criminals, tourists and teens converge in a Georgia forest where a 500-pound black bear goes on a murderous rampage after unintentionally ingesting cocaine.
Cast: Keri Russell, Alden Ehrenreich, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Ray Liotta, Isiah Whitlock Jr.


A Frozen Rooster: 2022 | NR | 91 min | 7.7 rating
Follow the adventures of Toto and his family, who will have to travel to the South Pole to fulfill their promise to return a polar bear and some Spanish penguins to their home. In order to fulfill the promise, they will have to overcome some obstacles that will teach them how important teamwork is.
Cast: Bruno Bichir, Carlos Espejel, Angélica Vale, Maite Perroni, Gabriel Riva Palacio Alatriste


The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey: 2012 | PG-13 | 169 min | 7.3 rating
Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon.
Cast: Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Richard Armitage, Graham McTavish, Ken Stott


Spider-Man 3: 2007 | PG-13 | 139 min | 6.404 rating
The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains—including the shape-shifting Sandman. While Spider-Man’s superpowers are altered by an alien organism, his alter ego, Peter Parker, deals with nemesis Eddie Brock and also gets caught up in a love triangle.
Cast: Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace


American Sniper: 2014 | R | 133 min | 7.429 rating
U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission—protect his comrades—to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller, Kyle Gallner, Cole Konis, Ben Reed


LEGO Frozen Northern Lights: 2017 |  | 22 min | 6.6 rating
Elsa, Anna and friends search for the Northern Lights.
Cast: Kristen Bell, Ashlyn Faith Williams, Josh Gad, Jonathan Groff, Idina Menzel


The Gangster, the Cop, the Devil: 2019 |  | 110 min | 7.767 rating
After barely surviving a violent attack by an elusive serial killer, crime boss Jang Dong-su finds himself forming an unlikely partnership with local detective Jung Tae-seok to catch the sadistic killer simply known as K.
Cast: Ma Dong-seok, Kim Moo-yul, Kim Sung-kyu, Heo Dong-won, Yoo Jae-myung


The Locksmith: 2023 |  | 91 min | 5.852 rating
A thief fresh out of prison, tries to work his way back into the life of his daughter and ex-fiancé. Determined, he is forced to use the skills he has as a gifted locksmith. Things take a tumultuous turn after an unexpected disappearance.
Cast: Ryan Phillippe, Kate Bosworth, Ving Rhames, Jeffrey Nordling, Gabriela Quezada Bloomgarden


The Matrix Resurrections: 2021 | R | 147 min | 6.464 rating
Plagued by strange memories, Neo's life takes an unexpected turn when he finds himself back inside the Matrix.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Carrie-Anne Moss, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Jonathan Groff, Jessica Henwick


The Boat: 2023 | NR | 91 min | 5.233 rating
The trip aboard a luxury yacht of three couples that will turn from an exciting experience to a terrible nightmare.
Cast: Marco Bocci, Diane Fleri, Filippo Nigro, Marina Rocco, Caterina Shulha


Sing: 2016 | PG | 108 min | 7.114 rating
A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Seth MacFarlane, Scarlett Johansson, John C. Reilly


Brave: 2012 | PG | 93 min | 7.014 rating
Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands, where Mérida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer, Mérida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right, Mérida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Mérida’s quest — and serving as comic relief — are the kingdom’s three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin, the surly Lord Macintosh, and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall.
Cast: Kelly Macdonald, Billy Connolly, Emma Thompson, Julie Walters, Robbie Coltrane


Shrapnel: 2023 | R | 89 min | 6.1 rating
A former Marine and his old war buddy face off against the Mexican cartel behind the disappearance of his daughter.
Cast: Jason Patric, Cam Gigandet, Kesia Elwin, Mauricio Mendoza, Guillermo Iván


Alive: 1993 | R | 127 min | 6.9 rating
The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby team's plane that crashed in the middle of the Andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold.
Cast: Josh Hamilton, Bruce Ramsay, Ethan Hawke, Vincent Spano, John Newton


A Quiet Place Part II: 2021 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.5 rating
Following the events at home, the Abbott family now face the terrors of the outside world. Forced to venture into the unknown, they realize that the creatures that hunt by sound are not the only threats that lurk beyond the sand path.
Cast: Emily Blunt, John Krasinski, Millicent Simmonds, Noah Jupe, Cillian Murphy


Shark Tale: 2004 | PG | 90 min | 6.024 rating
Oscar is a small fish whose big aspirations often get him into trouble. Meanwhile, Lenny is a great white shark with a surprising secret that no sea creature would guess: He's a vegetarian. When a lie turns Oscar into an improbable hero and Lenny becomes an outcast, the two form an unlikely friendship.
Cast: Will Smith, Robert De Niro, Renée Zellweger, Jack Black, Angelina Jolie


Under the Dog: 2016 | NR | 24 min | 6.8 rating
The story takes place within Neo Tokyo in the year 2025, five years after a severe terrorist attack at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Students possessing special abilities are forced into serving an elite anti-terrorist unit created by the United Nations, fighting against threats including other ability users. If these agents fail their mission, they will be killed along with their families, who have bombs planted within their heads. One member of this covert ops unit, a Swedish girl by the name of Anthea Kallenberg, seeks to find who she really is.
Cast: Asami Seto, Rumi Okubo, Koki Uchiyama, Naomi Ohzora, Haruka Takahashi


Ferrari: 2023 | R | 130 min | 7.098 rating
A biopic of automotive mogul Enzo Ferrari, whose family redefined the idea of the high-powered Italian sports car and practically spawned the concept of Formula One racing.
Cast: Adam Driver, Penélope Cruz, Shailene Woodley, Patrick Dempsey, Jack O'Connell


World's First Christmas: 2023 |  | 94 min | 7.8 rating
A young girl wishes Christmas was over for good, and her wish is granted with unexpected consequences.
Cast: Ingrid Guimarães, Lázaro Ramos, Fabiana Karla, Ígor Jansen, Theo Mattos


Catch Me If You Can: 2002 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.973 rating
A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot, doctor, and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye


World's First Christmas: 2023 |  | 94 min | 7.8 rating
A young girl wishes Christmas was over for good, and her wish is granted with unexpected consequences.
Cast: Ingrid Guimarães, Lázaro Ramos, Fabiana Karla, Ígor Jansen, Theo Mattos


Catch Me If You Can: 2002 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.973 rating
A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot, doctor, and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye


Sakra: 2023 | R | 130 min | 6.577 rating
Qiao Feng is the respected leader of a roving band of martial artists. After he is wrongfully accused of murder and subsequently exiled, Qiao Feng goes on the run in search of answers about his own mysterious origin story—and the unknown enemies working to destroy him from the shadows.
Cast: Donnie Yen, Yukee Chen, Liu Yase, Kara Hui Ying-Hung, Wu Yue


Top Gun: 1986 | PG | 110 min | 7 rating
For Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and his friend and co-pilot Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw, being accepted into an elite training school for fighter pilots is a dream come true. But a tragedy, as well as personal demons, will threaten Pete's dreams of becoming an ace pilot.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Kelly McGillis, Val Kilmer, Anthony Edwards, Tom Skerritt


Red Notice: 2021 | PG-13 | 118 min | 6.793 rating
An Interpol-issued Red Notice is a global alert to hunt and capture the world's most wanted. But when a daring heist brings together the FBI's top profiler and two rival criminals, there's no telling what will happen.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Ryan Reynolds, Gal Gadot, Ritu Arya, Chris Diamantopoulos


Doctor Sleep: 2019 | R | 152 min | 7.161 rating
Still irrevocably scarred by the trauma he endured as a child at the Overlook, Dan Torrance has fought to find some semblance of peace. But that peace is shattered when he encounters Abra, a courageous teenager with her own powerful extrasensory gift, known as the 'shine'. Instinctively recognising that Dan shares her power, Abra has sought him out, desperate for his help against the merciless Rose the Hat and her followers.
Cast: Ewan McGregor, Kyliegh Curran, Rebecca Ferguson, Cliff Curtis, Zahn McClarnon


Overhaul: 2023 | R | 100 min | 6.786 rating
When truck racer Roger loses everything, he receives a tempting but dangerous offer: to work as the getaway driver for a gang of thieves.
Cast: Thiago Martins, Sheron Menezes, Raphael Logam, Milhem Cortaz, Evandro Mesquita


The Whale: 2022 | R | 117 min | 7.918 rating
A reclusive English teacher suffering from severe obesity attempts to reconnect with his estranged teenage daughter for one last chance at redemption.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Sadie Sink, Ty Simpkins, Hong Chau, Samantha Morton


Full Metal Jacket: 1987 | R | 117 min | 8.138 rating
A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the U.S.-Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue.
Cast: Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, Vincent D'Onofrio, R. Lee Ermey, Dorian Harewood


Crater: 2023 | PG | 104 min | 6.72 rating
After the death of his father, a boy growing up on a lunar mining colony takes a trip to explore a legendary crater, along with his four best friends, prior to being permanently relocated to another planet.
Cast: Isaiah Russell-Bailey, Mckenna Grace, Billy Barratt, Orson Hong, Thomas Boyce


Anyone But You: 2023 | R | 103 min | 9.5 rating
After an amazing first date, Bea and Ben's fiery attraction turns ice cold - until they find themselves unexpectedly reunited at a destination wedding in Australia. So they do what any two mature adults would do: pretend to be a couple.
Cast: Sydney Sweeney, Glen Powell, Alexandra Shipp, Michelle Hurd, Bryan Brown


The Conjuring: 2013 | R | 112 min | 7.541 rating
Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives.
Cast: Patrick Wilson, Vera Farmiga, Lili Taylor, Ron Livingston, Mackenzie Foy


Jupiter Ascending: 2015 | PG-13 | 127 min | 5.441 rating
In a universe where human genetic material is the most precious commodity, an impoverished young Earth woman becomes the key to strategic maneuvers and internal strife within a powerful dynasty…
Cast: Channing Tatum, Mila Kunis, Sean Bean, Eddie Redmayne, Douglas Booth


Disenchanted: 2022 | PG | 119 min | 6.828 rating
Disillusioned with life in the city, feeling out of place in suburbia, and frustrated that her happily ever after hasn’t been so easy to find, Giselle turns to the magic of Andalasia for help. Accidentally transforming the entire town into a real-life fairy tale and placing her family’s future happiness in jeopardy, she must race against time to reverse the spell and determine what happily ever after truly means to her and her family.
Cast: Amy Adams, Patrick Dempsey, Maya Rudolph, Gabriella Baldacchino, Rachel Duff


See You on Venus: 2023 |  | 95 min | 7 rating
Mia and Kyle, two misfit American teens, travel to Spain in search of Mia's birth mother. As the pair road trip through the picturesque cities of Andalusia and fall in love, they discover that the most important question isn't who gave you life, but what you decide to do with it.
Cast: Virginia Gardner, Alex Aiono, Rob Estes, Isabel Serrano, Bernard Bullen


Heat: 1995 | R | 170 min | 7.91 rating
Obsessive master thief Neil McCauley leads a top-notch crew on various daring heists throughout Los Angeles while determined detective Vincent Hanna pursues him without rest. Each man recognizes and respects the ability and the dedication of the other even though they are aware their cat-and-mouse game may end in violence.
Cast: Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore


Toy Story 4: 2019 | G | 100 min | 7.5 rating
Woody has always been confident about his place in the world and that his priority is taking care of his kid, whether that's Andy or Bonnie. But when Bonnie adds a reluctant new toy called "Forky" to her room, a road trip adventure alongside old and new friends will show Woody how big the world can be for a toy.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Annie Potts, Tony Hale, Keegan-Michael Key


Nightcrawler: 2014 | R | 118 min | 7.706 rating
When Lou Bloom, desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina, a TV-news veteran.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Riz Ahmed, Rene Russo, Bill Paxton, Kevin Rahm


The Fallout: 2021 | R | 96 min | 7.686 rating
In the wake of a school tragedy, Vada, Mia and Quinton form a unique and dynamic bond as they navigate the never linear, often confusing journey to heal in a world that feels forever changed.
Cast: Jenna Ortega, Maddie Ziegler, Niles Fitch, Will Ropp, Lumi Pollack


Red Dawn: 2012 | PG-13 | 93 min | 5.697 rating
A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky—shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Josh Peck, Josh Hutcherson, Isabel Lucas, Adrianne Palicki


Ready Player One: 2018 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.602 rating
When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune.
Cast: Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Ben Mendelsohn, Lena Waithe, T.J. Miller


The Good, the Bad and the Ugly: 1966 | R | 161 min | 8.472 rating
While the Civil War rages on between the Union and the Confederacy, three men – a quiet loner, a ruthless hitman, and a Mexican bandit – comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200,000 in stolen gold.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach, Lee Van Cleef, Aldo Giuffrè, Luigi Pistilli


Thriller 40: 2023 |  | 88 min | 8.6 rating
Forty years after the release of Michael Jackson’s ‘Thriller,’ the best-selling album of all-time, director Nelson George takes fans back in time to the making of a pop masterpiece, featuring never-before-seen footage and candid interviews.
Cast: Michael Jackson, Paul McCartney, Quincy Jones, Usher, Mary J. Blige


Catch Me If You Can: 2002 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.973 rating
A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot, doctor, and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye


The Bad Guys: 2022 | PG | 100 min | 7.6 rating
When the Bad Guys, a crew of criminal animals, are finally caught after years of heists and being the world’s most-wanted villains, Mr. Wolf brokers a deal to save them all from prison.
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Marc Maron, Awkwafina, Craig Robinson, Anthony Ramos


American Horror House: 2012 |  | 85 min | 6.1 rating
On Halloween night, a sorority house is overrun with ghosts, while a vengeful housemother goes on a killing spree.
Cast: Alessandra Torresani, Morgan Fairchild, Salina Duplessis, Jackie Tuttle, Carol Jean Wells


Doctor Strange: 2016 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.427 rating
After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Benedict Wong, Mads Mikkelsen


Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City: 2021 | R | 107 min | 6.013 rating
Once the booming home of pharmaceutical giant Umbrella Corporation, Raccoon City is now a dying Midwestern town. The company’s exodus left the city a wasteland…with great evil brewing below the surface. When that evil is unleashed, the townspeople are forever…changed…and a small group of survivors must work together to uncover the truth behind Umbrella and make it through the night.
Cast: Kaya Scodelario, Hannah John-Kamen, Robbie Amell, Tom Hopper, Avan Jogia


The Dark Knight Rises: 2012 | PG-13 | 165 min | 7.777 rating
Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later, Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane, a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy.
Cast: Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway, Tom Hardy


The King's Man: 2021 | R | 131 min | 6.8 rating
As a collection of history's worst tyrants and criminal masterminds gather to plot a war to wipe out millions, one man must race against time to stop them.
Cast: Ralph Fiennes, Gemma Arterton, Rhys Ifans, Matthew Goode, Tom Hollander


Shooter: 2007 | R | 124 min | 7.102 rating
A top Marine sniper, Bob Lee Swagger, leaves the military after a mission goes horribly awry and disappears, living in seclusion. He is coaxed back into service after a high-profile government official convinces him to help thwart a plot to kill the President of the United States. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, Swagger becomes the target of a nationwide manhunt. He goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why, eventually seeking revenge against some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Michael Peña, Danny Glover, Kate Mara, Elias Koteas


Operation Fortune: Ruse de Guerre: 2023 | R | 114 min | 6.569 rating
Special agent Orson Fortune and his team of operatives recruit one of Hollywood's biggest movie stars to help them on an undercover mission when the sale of a deadly new weapons technology threatens to disrupt the world order.
Cast: Jason Statham, Aubrey Plaza, Josh Hartnett, Hugh Grant, Cary Elwes


Maleficent: Mistress of Evil: 2019 | PG | 119 min | 7.3 rating
Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play.
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning, Harris Dickinson, Michelle Pfeiffer, Sam Riley


Underwater: 2020 | PG-13 | 95 min | 6.299 rating
After an earthquake destroys their underwater station, six researchers must navigate two miles along the dangerous, unknown depths of the ocean floor to make it to safety in a race against time.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Vincent Cassel, Mamoudou Athie, T.J. Miller, John Gallagher Jr.


Shazam!: 2019 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.028 rating
A boy is given the ability to become an adult superhero in times of need with a single magic word.
Cast: Zachary Levi, Mark Strong, Asher Angel, Jack Dylan Grazer, Adam Brody


Alita: Battle Angel: 2019 | PG-13 | 122 min | 7.225 rating
When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Ido, a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past.
Cast: Rosa Salazar, Christoph Waltz, Jennifer Connelly, Mahershala Ali, Ed Skrein


The Wrath of Becky: 2023 | R | 83 min | 6.454 rating
Two years after she escaped a violent attack on her family, 16-year-old Becky attempts to rebuild her life in the care of an older woman -- a kindred spirit named Elena. However, when a violent group known as the Noble Men break into their home, attack them and take their beloved dog, Becky must return to her old ways to protect herself and her loved ones.
Cast: Lulu Wilson, Seann William Scott, Denise Burse, Jill Larson, Michael Sirow


Crater: 2023 | PG | 104 min | 6.72 rating
After the death of his father, a boy growing up on a lunar mining colony takes a trip to explore a legendary crater, along with his four best friends, prior to being permanently relocated to another planet.
Cast: Isaiah Russell-Bailey, Mckenna Grace, Billy Barratt, Orson Hong, Thomas Boyce


Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection 'F': 2015 | NR | 93 min | 6.822 rating
One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed, and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Ryou Horikawa, Ryusei Nakao, Koichi Yamadera, Masakazu Morita


Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials: 2015 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.7 rating
Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters, the Gladers take on WCKD’s vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all.
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Ki Hong Lee, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Dexter Darden


Home Alone 3: 1997 | PG | 102 min | 5.274 rating
9-year-old Alex Pruitt is home alone with the chicken pox. Turns out, due to a mix-up among nefarious spies, Alex was given a toy car concealing a top-secret microchip. Now Alex must fend off the spies as they try to break into his house to get it back.
Cast: Alex D. Linz, Olek Krupa, Rya Kihlstedt, Lenny Von Dohlen, David Thornton


The Martian: 2015 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.683 rating
During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.
Cast: Matt Damon, Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Peña


Dampyr: 2022 | R | 109 min | 6.385 rating
In war-torn Balkans, bogus monster hunter Harlan Draka is hired by soldiers who happen to be under attack by an army of actual vampires, uncovering the hidden truth about his past in the process: he is half-human and half-vampire... a Dampyr.
Cast: Wade Briggs, Stuart Martin, Frida Gustavsson, Sebastian Croft, Luke Roberts


Aladdin: 1992 | G | 95 min | 7.648 rating
Princess Jasmine grows tired of being forced to remain in the palace, so she sneaks out into the marketplace, in disguise, where she meets street urchin Aladdin. The couple falls in love, although Jasmine may only marry a prince. After being thrown in jail, Aladdin becomes embroiled in a plot to find a mysterious lamp, with which the evil Jafar hopes to rule the land.
Cast: Scott Weinger, Robin Williams, Linda Larkin, Jonathan Freeman, Gilbert Gottfried


Kingsman: The Secret Service: 2014 | R | 129 min | 7.6 rating
The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius.
Cast: Taron Egerton, Colin Firth, Samuel L. Jackson, Mark Strong, Sophie Cookson


Pearl: 2022 | R | 102 min | 7.316 rating
Trapped on her family’s isolated farm, Pearl must tend to her ailing father under the bitter and overbearing watch of her devout mother. Lusting for a glamorous life like she’s seen in the movies, Pearl’s ambitions, temptations, and repressions collide.
Cast: Mia Goth, David Corenswet, Tandi Wright, Matthew Sunderland, Emma Jenkins-Purro


The Little Mermaid: 1989 | G | 83 min | 7.4 rating
This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula.
Cast: Jodi Benson, Samuel E. Wright, Pat Carroll, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Kenneth Mars


Prometheus: 2012 | R | 124 min | 6.543 rating
A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race.
Cast: Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Guy Pearce


Dumb Money: 2023 | R | 104 min | 6.709 rating
Vlogger Keith Gill sinks his life savings into GameStop stock and posts about it. When social media starts blowing up, so do his life and the lives of everyone following him. As a stock tip becomes a movement, everyone gets rich—until the billionaires fight back, and both sides find their worlds turned upside down.
Cast: Paul Dano, Shailene Woodley, America Ferrera, Pete Davidson, Seth Rogen


Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Movie: Mugen Train: 2020 | R | 117 min | 8.3 rating
Tanjiro Kamado, joined with Inosuke Hashibira, a boy raised by boars who wears a boar's head, and Zenitsu Agatsuma, a scared boy who reveals his true power when he sleeps, boards the Infinity Train on a new mission with the Fire Hashira, Kyojuro Rengoku, to defeat a demon who has been tormenting the people and killing the demon slayers who oppose it!
Cast: Natsuki Hanae, Akari Kito, Hiro Shimono, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Satoshi Hino


Terror on the Prairie: 2022 |  | 107 min | 6.3 rating
A pioneering family fights back against a gang of vicious outlaws that is terrorizing them on their newly-built farm on the plains of Montana.
Cast: Gina Carano, Nick Searcy, Donald Cerrone, Heath Freeman, Tyler Fischer


Rocky: 1976 | PG | 119 min | 7.8 rating
An uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark is given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to fight against the world heavyweight boxing champion.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith


Knuckle Girl: 2023 |  | 107 min | 6.471 rating
Ran participates in a death match in order to save her missing sister Yuzuki.
Cast: Ayaka Miyoshi, Hideaki Ito, Yosuke Kubozuka, Goki Maeda, Kanata Hosoda


Next Goal Wins: 2023 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.306 rating
Dutch coach Thomas Rongen attempts the nearly impossible task of turning the American Samoa soccer team from perennial losers into winners.
Cast: Michael Fassbender, Oscar Kightley, Kaimana, David Fane, Rachel House


Scary Movie 2: 2001 | R | 83 min | 5.794 rating
While the original parodied slasher flicks like Scream, Keenen Ivory Wayans's sequel to Scary Movie takes comedic aim at haunted house movies. A group of students visit a mansion called "Hell House," and murderous high jinks ensue.
Cast: Anna Faris, Regina Hall, Shawn Wayans, Marlon Wayans, Christopher Masterson


Murder City: 2023 |  | 85 min | 7.4 rating
A disgraced former cop finds himself working for a ruthless female kingpin to pay off his estranged father’s debt and protect his family.
Cast: Mike Colter, Stephanie Sigman, Antonio Fargas, James Udom, Medina Senghore


Brother Bear: 2003 | G | 85 min | 7.254 rating
When an impulsive boy named Kenai is magically transformed into a bear, he must literally walk in another's footsteps until he learns some valuable life lessons. His courageous and often zany journey introduces him to a forest full of wildlife, including the lovable bear cub Koda, hilarious moose Rutt and Tuke, woolly mammoths and rambunctious rams.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Jeremy Suarez, Jason Raize, Rick Moranis, Dave Thomas


Prey for the Devil: 2022 | PG-13 | 93 min | 7.026 rating
In response to a global rise in demonic possessions, the Catholic Church reopens exorcism schools to train priests in the Rite of Exorcism. On this spiritual battlefield, an unlikely warrior rises: a young nun, Sister Ann. Thrust onto the spiritual frontline with fellow student Father Dante, Sister Ann finds herself in a battle for the soul of a young girl and soon realizes the Devil has her right where he wants her.
Cast: Jacqueline Byers, Colin Salmon, Christian Navarro, Lisa Palfrey, Nicholas Ralph


Last Christmas: 2019 | PG-13 | 102 min | 7.241 rating
Kate is a young woman who has a habit of making bad decisions, and her last date with disaster occurs after she accepts work as Santa's elf for a department store. However, after she meets Tom there, her life takes a new turn.
Cast: Emilia Clarke, Henry Golding, Michelle Yeoh, Emma Thompson, Lydia Leonard


Vacation: 2015 | R | 99 min | 6.302 rating
Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids, a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America, Walley World. Needless to say, things don't go quite as planned.
Cast: Ed Helms, Christina Applegate, Chevy Chase, Skyler Gisondo, Charlie Day


Scream: 2022 | R | 114 min | 6.695 rating
Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, a new killer has donned the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town’s deadly past.
Cast: Melissa Barrera, Jenna Ortega, Mason Gooding, Jasmin Savoy Brown, Jack Quaid


Detective Conan: Black Iron Submarine: 2023 | NR | 110 min | 6.653 rating
Many engineers from around the world gather at the Interpol marine facility "Pacific Buoy" on Hachijo-jima, in the sea south of central Tokyo Prefecture coast, to witness the launch of a new system that connects all law enforcement camera systems around the world and enables facial recognition worldwide. Conan, along with his friends Kogoro, Ran, Agasa, Haibara, and the Detective Boys, also heads to the island with an invitation from Sonoko to see the whales. He receives a message from Subaru, who says that a Europol agent has been murdered in Germany by Gin. Perturbed, Conan sneaks onto the police ship led by Kuroda, which is bringing them to the island to protect the completion work, and tours the new facility, just in time for the Black Organization to kidnap a female engineer, seeking a piece of important data in her USB drive. A terrifying howl of screws is heard from the ocean as an unknown person approaches Haibara.
Cast: Minami Takayama, Wakana Yamazaki, Rikiya Koyama, Megumi Hayashibara, Shuichi Ikeda


Wreck-It Ralph: 2012 | PG | 101 min | 7.3 rating
Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall, 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr., in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain, Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty, a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush, a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies, cookies and other sweets. There, Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade, and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started.
Cast: John C. Reilly, Sarah Silverman, Jack McBrayer, Alan Tudyk, Jane Lynch


Megalomaniac: 2023 |  | 100 min | 6.2 rating
Felix and Martha, the two offspring of legendary serial murderer The Skinner of Mons, grapple with the grotesque legacy bequeathed to them. While Martha works a menial janitorial job, Felix continues his father's reign of terror. But following a brutal attack at work, Martha quickly descends into madness, finding she must come to terms with the infamous blood that flows through her veins.
Cast: Eline Schumacher, Benjamin Ramon, Wim Willaert, Pierre Nisse, Raphaëlle Lubansu


Riley's First Date?: 2015 | G | 5 min | 7.145 rating
Riley, now 12, who is hanging out with her parents at home when potential trouble comes knocking. Mom's and Dad's Emotions find themselves forced to deal with Riley going on her first "date."
Cast: Pete Docter, Ben Cox, Kyle MacLachlan, Diane Lane, Carlos Alazraqui


Mission: Impossible 8: 2025 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The eighth installment of the Mission: Impossible franchise.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Hayley Atwell, Ving Rhames, Simon Pegg, Vanessa Kirby


Inglourious Basterds: 2009 | R | 153 min | 8.215 rating
In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as "The Basterds" are chosen specifically to spread fear throughout the Third Reich by scalping and brutally killing Nazis. The Basterds, lead by Lt. Aldo Raine soon cross paths with a French-Jewish teenage girl who runs a movie theater in Paris which is targeted by the soldiers.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Mélanie Laurent, Christoph Waltz, Eli Roth, Michael Fassbender


Rommel: 2012 | NR | 120 min | 6.2 rating
The story of the final seven months in the life of German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel.
Cast: Ulrich Tukur, Benjamin Sadler, Aglaia Szyszkowitz, Thomas Thieme, Hanns Zischler


Mean Girls: 2004 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.194 rating
Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George.
Cast: Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Lizzy Caplan, Lacey Chabert, Amanda Seyfried


Rush Hour: 1998 | PG-13 | 98 min | 7 rating
When Hong Kong Inspector Lee is summoned to Los Angeles to investigate a kidnapping, the FBI doesn't want any outside help and assigns cocky LAPD Detective James Carter to distract Lee from the case. Not content to watch the action from the sidelines, Lee and Carter form an unlikely partnership and investigate the case themselves.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker, Tom Wilkinson, Philip Baker Hall, Elizabeth Peña


Project X: 2012 | R | 88 min | 6.848 rating
Three high school seniors throw a party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses, things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads.
Cast: Thomas Mann, Oliver Cooper, Jonathan Daniel Brown, Dax Flame, Kirby Bliss Blanton


Trolls Holiday in Harmony: 2021 | PG | 30 min | 7.2 rating
Queen Poppy plans the first annual Trolls Kingdom Secret Holiday Gift Swap, but things don't go quite as expected.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Justin Timberlake, Kenan Thompson, Travis Scott, Carol Burnett


Naruto Shippuden the Movie: 2007 | PG-13 | 94 min | 7.424 rating
Demons that once almost destroyed the world, are revived by someone. To prevent the world from being destroyed, the demon has to be sealed and the only one who can do it is the shrine maiden Shion from the country of demons, who has two powers; one is sealing demons and the other is predicting the deaths of humans. This time Naruto's mission is to guard Shion, but she predicts Naruto's death. The only way to escape it, is to get away from Shion, which would leave her unguarded, then the demon, whose only goal is to kill Shion will do so, thus meaning the end of the world. Naruto decides to challenge this "prediction of death."
Cast: Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Yōichi Masukawa, Koichi Tochika, Ayumi Fujimura


Ice Age: Continental Drift: 2012 | PG | 88 min | 6.361 rating
Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship, they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world.
Cast: Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Seann William Scott, Josh Peck


Doctor Strange: 2016 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.427 rating
After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Benedict Wong, Mads Mikkelsen


Ready Player One: 2018 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.6 rating
When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune.
Cast: Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Ben Mendelsohn, Lena Waithe, T.J. Miller


Green Book: 2018 | PG-13 | 130 min | 8.244 rating
Tony Lip, a bouncer in 1962, is hired to drive pianist Don Shirley on a tour through the Deep South in the days when African Americans, forced to find alternate accommodations and services due to segregation laws below the Mason-Dixon Line, relied on a guide called The Negro Motorist Green Book.
Cast: Viggo Mortensen, Mahershala Ali, Linda Cardellini, Sebastian Maniscalco, Dimiter D. Marinov


The Matrix Resurrections: 2021 | R | 147 min | 6.464 rating
Plagued by strange memories, Neo's life takes an unexpected turn when he finds himself back inside the Matrix.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Carrie-Anne Moss, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Jonathan Groff, Jessica Henwick


The Nutcracker and the Four Realms: 2018 | PG | 99 min | 6.1 rating
When Clara’s mother leaves her a mysterious gift, she embarks on a journey to four secret realms—where she discovers her greatest strength could change the world.
Cast: Mackenzie Foy, Jayden Fowora-Knight, Tom Sweet, Keira Knightley, Helen Mirren


Pokémon Detective Pikachu: 2019 | PG | 105 min | 6.95 rating
In a world where people collect pocket-size monsters (Pokémon) to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent monster who seeks to be a detective.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Justice Smith, Kathryn Newton, Suki Waterhouse, Omar Chaparro


Ocho apellidos marroquís: 2023 | NR | 97 min | 6.833 rating
Follows the Díaz-Aguirre family, whose perfect universe turns upside down after the death of the patriarch, who in his will asks his wife to recover the 'Sardinete', his first fishing boat which is rusting in a Moroccan port.
Cast: Elena Irureta, Michelle Jenner, Julián López, María Ramos Mouhoub


Clifford the Big Red Dog: 2021 | PG | 97 min | 7.2 rating
As Emily struggles to fit in at home and at school, she discovers a small red puppy who is destined to become her best friend. When Clifford magically undergoes one heck of a growth spurt, becomes a gigantic dog and attracts the attention of a genetics company, Emily and her Uncle Casey have to fight the forces of greed as they go on the run across New York City. Along the way, Clifford affects the lives of everyone around him and teaches Emily and her uncle the true meaning of acceptance and unconditional love.
Cast: Darby Camp, Jack Whitehall, Izaac Wang, John Cleese, Tony Hale


The Puppetman: 2023 |  | Runtime NA | 1 rating
The Puppetman, a convicted killer on death row always maintained his innocence saying that it was an evil force controlling his body as he slaughtered his victims. Now Michal, the killer's daughter, begins to suspect that there may be some truth to her father's claim when those around her begin to die in brutal ways. She must try and break the curse of The Puppetman before all her loved ones are killed.
Cast: Alyson Gorske, Angel Prater, Kio Cyr, Cameron Wong, Anna Telfer


Wrong Turn: 2021 | R | 110 min | 5.965 rating
Jen and a group of friends set out to hike the Appalachian Trail. Despite warnings to stick to the trail, the hikers stray off course—and cross into land inhabited by The Foundation, a hidden community of mountain dwellers who use deadly means to protect their way of life.
Cast: Charlotte Vega, Adain Bradley, Bill Sage, Emma Dumont, Dylan McTee


Alice in Wonderland: 1951 | G | 75 min | 7.186 rating
On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards!
Cast: Kathryn Beaumont, Ed Wynn, Richard Haydn, Sterling Holloway, Jerry Colonna


Wonder Woman: 2017 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.2 rating
An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict.
Cast: Gal Gadot, Chris Pine, Connie Nielsen, Robin Wright, Danny Huston


Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku: 1990 | NR | 48 min | 7.524 rating
Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Kazuyuki Sogabe, Yuko Mita, Takeshi Watabe, Kozo Shioya


The Conference: 2023 |  | 100 min | 5.356 rating
A team-building conference for municipal employees turns into a nightmare when accusations of corruption begin to circulate and plague the work environment. At the same time, a mysterious figure begins murdering the participants.
Cast: Katia Winter, Adam Lundgren, Eva Melander, Bahar Pars, Amed Bozan


Midsommar: 2019 | R | 147 min | 7.164 rating
Several friends travel to Sweden to study as anthropologists a summer festival that is held every ninety years in the remote hometown of one of them. What begins as a dream vacation in a place where the sun never sets, gradually turns into a dark nightmare as the mysterious inhabitants invite them to participate in their disturbing festive activities.
Cast: Florence Pugh, Jack Reynor, William Jackson Harper, Will Poulter, Vilhelm Blomgren


Romeo + Juliet: 1996 | PG-13 | 120 min | 6.796 rating
In director Baz Luhrmann's contemporary take on William Shakespeare's classic tragedy, the Montagues and Capulets have moved their ongoing feud to the sweltering suburb of Verona Beach, where Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly wed. Though the film is visually modern, the bard's dialogue remains.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Claire Danes, Jesse Bradford, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Brian Dennehy


The Godfather Part II: 1974 | R | 202 min | 8.589 rating
In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family, a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s, Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba.
Cast: Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, John Cazale


Onward: 2020 | PG | 103 min | 7.7 rating
In a suburban fantasy world, two teenage elf brothers embark on an extraordinary quest to discover if there is still a little magic left out there.
Cast: Tom Holland, Chris Pratt, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Octavia Spencer, Mel Rodriguez


The Penitent Thief: 2021 |  | 93 min | 6.1 rating
The story of the two unnamed men who were crucified alongside Jesus and how they came to be beside him on the cross that fateful day. Dismas and his brother Jotham, along with Gestas, another young man who will share their fate, suffer tragedy and injustice at the hands of a band of thieves and a ruthless Roman centurion. Theirs is a story of survival against the odds, but they cannot outrun their destiny.
Cast: Kevin Sorbo, James Russo, Major Dodge, Stelio Savante, Krista Bradley


God Is a Bullet: 2023 | NR | 155 min | 6.315 rating
Based on true events and the novel of the same name. Vice detective Bob Hightower finds his ex-wife murdered and daughter kidnapped by a cult. Frustrated by the botched official investigations, he quits the force and infiltrates the cult to hunt down the leader with the help of the cult’s only female victim escapee, Case Hardin.
Cast: Maika Monroe, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Karl Glusman, January Jones, Jamie Foxx


Despicable Me: 2010 | PG | 95 min | 7.231 rating
Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable, deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care.
Cast: Steve Carell, Miranda Cosgrove, Dana Gaier, Elsie Fisher, Jason Segel


Monster High 2: 2023 |  | 94 min | 7.289 rating
As they enter sophomore year at Monster High, Clawdeen Wolf, Draculaura and Frankie Stein face new students, new powers, and an even bigger threat that could not only tear their friendship apart but could change the world forever.
Cast: Miia Harris, Nayah Damasen, Ceci Balagot, Case Walker, Justin Derickson


Daddy's Home 2: 2017 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.287 rating
Brad and Dusty must deal with their intrusive fathers during the holidays.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, John Lithgow, Mel Gibson, Linda Cardellini


Now You See Me 2: 2016 | PG-13 | 129 min | 6.829 rating
One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public’s adulation with their mind-bending spectacles, the Four Horsemen resurface only to find themselves face to face with a new enemy who enlists them to pull off their most dangerous heist yet.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Morgan Freeman, Dave Franco


Prisoners: 2013 | R | 153 min | 8.095 rating
Keller Dover faces a parent's worst nightmare when his 6-year-old daughter, Anna, and her friend go missing. The only lead is an old motorhome that had been parked on their street. The head of the investigation, Detective Loki, arrests the driver, but a lack of evidence forces Loki to release his only suspect. Dover, knowing that his daughter's life is at stake, decides that he has no choice but to take matters into his own hands.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Paul Dano


Let Us In: 2021 | NR | 84 min | 5.5 rating
A 12 year old girl is determined to uncover who or what is behind the rash of disappearances occurring in her small town.
Cast: Makenzie Moss, Sadie Stanley, Mackenzie Ziegler, O'Neill Monahan, Siena Agudong


Charlie's Angels: 2019 | PG-13 | 118 min | 6.48 rating
Elena Houghlin is a scientist, engineer and inventor of Calisto -- a sustainable energy source that will revolutionize the way people use power. It will be ready as soon as she works out the last issue, if not it could be turned into a dangerous weapon. But when the cutting edge technology is pushed to an investor before she can do that, Elena turns to the Townsend Agency for help. Now, it's up to the Angels -- Jane, Sabina, and the newly recruited Elena -- to retrieve Calisto before it can be transformed into a weapon of mass destruction.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Naomi Scott, Ella Balinska, Elizabeth Banks, Patrick Stewart


Hercules: 2014 | PG-13 | 99 min | 5.8 rating
When a new enemy threatens the innocent, Hercules must lead his fearless team of warriors in a battle against overwhelming odds.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Ian McShane, John Hurt, Rufus Sewell, Aksel Hennie


Southpaw: 2015 | R | 123 min | 7.366 rating
Billy "The Great" Hope, the reigning junior middleweight boxing champion, has an impressive career, a loving wife and daughter, and a lavish lifestyle. However, when tragedy strikes, Billy hits rock bottom, losing his family, his house and his manager. He soon finds an unlikely savior in Tick Willis, a former fighter who trains the city's toughest amateur boxers. With his future on the line, Hope fights to reclaim the trust of those he loves the most.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Rachel McAdams, Forest Whitaker, Oona Laurence, 50 Cent


Ambulance: 2022 | R | 136 min | 6.683 rating
Decorated veteran Will Sharp, desperate for money to cover his wife's medical bills, asks for help from his adoptive brother Danny. A charismatic career criminal, Danny instead offers him a score: the biggest bank heist in Los Angeles history: $32 million.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Eiza González, Garret Dillahunt, Keir O'Donnell


Dumbo: 1941 | G | 64 min | 6.997 rating
Dumbo is a baby elephant born with over-sized ears and a supreme lack of confidence. But thanks to his even more diminutive buddy Timothy the Mouse,  the pint-sized pachyderm learns to surmount all obstacles.
Cast: Edward Brophy, Margaret Wright, Verna Felton, Sarah Selby, Noreen Gammill


The Lion King II: Simba's Pride: 1998 | G | 81 min | 6.941 rating
The circle of life continues for Simba, now fully grown and in his rightful place as the king of Pride Rock. Simba and Nala have given birth to a daughter, Kiara who's as rebellious as her father was. But Kiara drives her parents to distraction when she catches the eye of Kovu, the son of the evil lioness, Zira. Will Kovu steal Kiara's heart?
Cast: Matthew Broderick, Neve Campbell, Jason Marsden, Nathan Lane, Ernie Sabella


Sniper: The White Raven: 2022 | R | 120 min | 7.638 rating
Mykola is an eccentric pacifist who wants to be useful to humanity. When the war begins at Donbass, Mykola’s naive world is collapsing as the militants kill his pregnant wife and burn his home to the ground. Recovered, he makes a cardinal decision and gets enlisted in a sniper company. Having met his wife’s killers, he emotionally breaks down and arranges “sniper terror” for the enemy. He’s saved from a senseless death by his instructor who himself gets mortally wounded. The death of a friend leaves a “scar” and Mykola is ready to sacrifice his life.
Cast: Pavlo Aldoshyn, Maryna Koshkina, Andrii Mostrenko, Roman Semysal, Roman Yasinovskyi


That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime the Movie: Scarlet Bond: 2022 | PG-13 | 108 min | 7.295 rating
A long-running conspiracy is swirling over a mysterious power wielded by the Queen in Raja, a small country west of Tempest. When a slime who evolved into a Demon Lord named Rimuru Tempest crosses paths with Hiiro, a survivor of the Ogre race, an incredible adventure packed with new characters begins. The power of bonds will be put to the test!
Cast: Miho Okasaki, Makoto Furukawa, Megumi Toyoguchi, Tomoaki Maeno, Sayaka Senbongi


The Marsh King's Daughter: 2023 | R | 108 min | 6.709 rating
Helena, a woman living a seemingly ordinary life, hides a dark secret—her father is the infamous 'Marsh King', the man who kept her and her mother captive in the wilderness for years. After a lifetime of trying to escape her past, Helena is forced to face her demons when her father unexpectedly escapes from prison.
Cast: Daisy Ridley, Ben Mendelsohn, Garrett Hedlund, Caren Pistorius, Dan Abramovici


Death on the Nile: 2022 | PG-13 | 127 min | 6.458 rating
Belgian sleuth Hercule Poirot's Egyptian vacation aboard a glamorous river steamer turns into a terrifying search for a murderer when a picture-perfect couple's idyllic honeymoon is tragically cut short.
Cast: Kenneth Branagh, Tom Bateman, Annette Bening, Russell Brand, Ali Fazal


Mistletoe in Montana: 2021 | PG | 88 min | 6.1 rating
Merry, who owns the ranch, has been unlucky in love, but that's about to change when a single father, Mark, and his two kids book the ranch for Christmas week. Adventure is on the menu, the holiday spirit is everywhere, and love is in the air.
Cast: Melissa Joan Hart, Michael Grant Terry, Jamey Sheridan, Duane Henry, Danielle Larracuente


Tenet: 2020 | PG-13 | 150 min | 7.188 rating
Armed with only one word - Tenet - and fighting for the survival of the entire world, the Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold in something beyond real time.
Cast: John David Washington, Robert Pattinson, Elizabeth Debicki, Kenneth Branagh, Dimple Kapadia


Klaus: 2019 | PG | 96 min | 8.249 rating
When Jesper distinguishes himself as the Postal Academy's worst student, he is sent to Smeerensburg, a small village located on an icy island above the Arctic Circle, where grumpy inhabitants barely exchange words, let alone letters. Jesper is about to give up and abandon his duty as a postman when he meets local teacher Alva and Klaus, a mysterious carpenter who lives alone in a cabin full of handmade toys.
Cast: Jason Schwartzman, J.K. Simmons, Rashida Jones, Joan Cusack, Norm Macdonald


Mira: 2022 | NR | 110 min | 7.548 rating
Near future. Lera Arabova is a 15-year-old girl who lives with her family in Vladivostok. Lera's father has been working at the orbiting space station "Mira" for many years and has long lost contact with his daughter, turning only into a voice on the phone. After a meteor shower hits the city, Lera has only one chance to save her loved ones and the city from a new disaster. Her father helps her in this - through satellite surveillance systems and the telephone, he uses every opportunity to send a message to his daughter, watching from above from the station her every step.
Cast: Anatoliy Belyy, Darya Moroz, Veronika Ustimova, Maksim Lagashkin, Evgeny Egorov


La Syndicaliste: 2023 |  | 122 min | 7.2 rating
The true story of Maureen Kearney, the head union representative of a French multinational nuclear powerhouse. She became a whistleblower, denouncing top-secret deals that shook the French nuclear sector. Alone against the world, she fought government ministers and industry leaders, tooth and nail to bring the scandal to light and to defend more than 50,000 jobs.. Her life was turned upside down when she was violently assaulted in her own home... The investigation is carried out under pressure: the subject is sensitive. Suddenly, new elements create doubt in the minds of the investigators. At first a victim, Maureen becomes a suspect.
Cast: Isabelle Huppert, Marina Foïs, Alexandra Maria Lara, Grégory Gadebois, Geno Lechner


Watchmen: 2009 | R | 163 min | 7.334 rating
In a gritty and alternate 1985 the glory days of costumed vigilantes have been brought to a close by a government crackdown, but after one of the masked veterans is brutally murdered, an investigation into the killer is initiated. The reunited heroes set out to prevent their own destruction, but in doing so uncover a sinister plot that puts all of humanity in grave danger.
Cast: Malin Åkerman, Patrick Wilson, Billy Crudup, Matthew Goode, Jackie Earle Haley


Schindler's List: 1993 | R | 195 min | 8.6 rating
The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindler saved over a thousand Jewish lives from the Nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during World War II.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall


The Three Musketeers: D'Artagnan: 2023 | NR | 121 min | 7.125 rating
D'Artagnan, a spirited young Gascon, is left for dead after trying to save a noblewoman from being kidnapped. Once in Paris, he tries by all means to find his attackers, unaware that his quest will lead him to the very heart of a war where the future of France is at stake. Aided by King's Musketeers Athos, Porthos and Aramis, he faces the machinations of villainous Cardinal Richelieu and Milady de Winter, while falling in love with Constance, the Queen's confidante.
Cast: François Civil, Vincent Cassel, Romain Duris, Pio Marmaï, Eva Green


Revenge Porn: PAIN OF LOVE: 2019 | NR | 70 min | 4 rating

Cast: Sakura Kirishima, Masamitsu Kani, Shijimi, Hotaru Hazuki, Banshô Shinra


Men in Black: 1997 | PG-13 | 98 min | 7.189 rating
After a police chase with an otherworldly being, a New York City cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on Earth: the Men in Black. Agent Kay and new recruit Agent Jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on Earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies.
Cast: Tommy Lee Jones, Will Smith, Linda Fiorentino, Vincent D'Onofrio, Rip Torn


War Dogs: 2016 | R | 114 min | 6.908 rating
Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan.
Cast: Miles Teller, Jonah Hill, Ana de Armas, Bradley Cooper, Kevin Pollak


Get Out: 2017 | R | 104 min | 7.618 rating
Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined.
Cast: Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, Bradley Whitford, Caleb Landry Jones, Stephen Root


Tom and Jerry: Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory: 2017 |  | 79 min | 6.6 rating
The classic Roald Dahl tale gets a modern twist when Tom and Jerry enter the amazing world of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory.
Cast: JP Karliak, Jess Harnell, Lincoln Melcher, Mick Wingert, Lori Alan


Epic Tails: 2023 | NR | 95 min | 6.9 rating
An adventurous mouse sets off to battle dangerous creatures in Ancient Greece, including Poseidon.
Cast: Kaycie Chase, Christophe Lemoine, Emmanuel Curtil, Michel Tureau, Pierre Richard


The Equalizer 2: 2018 | R | 121 min | 6.739 rating
Robert McCall, who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, embarks on a relentless, globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Pedro Pascal, Ashton Sanders, Orson Bean, Bill Pullman


Caligula: 1979 | R | 156 min | 6.017 rating
The perversion behind imperial Rome, the epic story of Rome's mad Emporer. All the details of his cruel, bizarre reign are revealed right here: His unholy sexual passion for his sister, his marriage to Rome's most infamous prostitute, his fiendishly inventive means of disposing those who would oppose him, and more.
Cast: Malcolm McDowell, Teresa Ann Savoy, Guido Mannari, John Gielgud, Peter O'Toole


Through My Window: 2022 | R | 112 min | 7.393 rating
Raquel's longtime crush on her next-door neighbor turns into something more when he starts developing feelings for her, despite his family's objections.
Cast: Clara Galle, Julio Peña, Guillermo Lasheras, Natalia Azahara, Hugo Arbues


The Shining: 1980 | R | 144 min | 8.219 rating
Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel, where he, along with his wife Wendy and their son Danny, must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. But they aren't prepared for the madness that lurks within.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall, Danny Lloyd, Scatman Crothers, Philip Stone


Home on the Range: 2004 | PG | 76 min | 6.033 rating
When a greedy outlaw schemes to take possession of the "Patch Of Heaven" dairy farm, three determined cows, a karate-kicking stallion and a colorful corral of critters join forces to save their home. The stakes are sky-high as this unlikely animal alliance risk their hides and match wits with a mysterious band of bad guys.
Cast: Roseanne Barr, Judi Dench, Jennifer Tilly, Steve Buscemi, G.W. Bailey


Rio: 2011 | G | 96 min | 6.724 rating
Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling, a macaw named Blu never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend, Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind, but when word comes that Jewel, a lone female, lives in Rio de Janeiro, Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel, but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Anne Hathaway, Leslie Mann, Jane Lynch, Will.i.am


The Green Mile: 1999 | R | 189 min | 8.509 rating
A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison, where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard, Paul Edgecomb, recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Michael Clarke Duncan, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Jeter


The Great Arms Robbery: 2022 | NR | 72 min | 6.955 rating
The Great Arms Robbery
Cast: Michael Tong, Waise Lee Chi-Hung, Cai Die, Yameng Zhang


Lonely Castle in the Mirror: 2022 | PG | 116 min | 6.806 rating
Shy outcast Kokoro has been avoiding school for weeks when she discovers a portal in her bedroom mirror. She reaches through and finds herself transported to an enchanting castle where she is joined by six other students. When a girl in a wolf mask explains that they have been invited to play a game, the teens must work together to uncover the mysterious connection that unites them. However, anyone who breaks the rules will be eaten by a wolf.
Cast: Ami Touma, Mana Ashida, Yuki Kaji, Takumi Kitamura, Sakura Kiryu


Teen Wolf: The Movie: 2023 | R | 140 min | 7.624 rating
The wolves are howling once again, as a terrifying ancient evil emerges in Beacon Hills. Scott McCall, no longer a teenager yet still an Alpha, must gather new allies and reunite trusted friends to fight back against this powerful and deadly enemy.
Cast: Tyler Posey, Crystal Reed, Holland Roden, Tyler Hoechlin, Shelley Hennig


The Sound of Music: 1965 | G | 174 min | 7.707 rating
In the years before the Second World War, a tomboyish postulant at an Austrian abbey is hired as a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children, and brings a new love of life and music into the home.
Cast: Julie Andrews, Christopher Plummer, Eleanor Parker, Richard Haydn, Peggy Wood


The Nun: 2018 | R | 96 min | 5.893 rating
A priest with a haunted past and a novice on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate the death of a young nun in Romania and confront a malevolent force in the form of a demonic nun.
Cast: Taissa Farmiga, Demián Bichir, Bonnie Aarons, Jonas Bloquet, Ingrid Bisu


Training Day: 2001 | R | 122 min | 7.49 rating
On his first day on the job as a narcotics officer, a rookie cop works with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke, Scott Glenn, Tom Berenger, Harris Yulin


Grease: 1978 | PG | 110 min | 7.4 rating
Australian good girl Sandy and greaser Danny fell in love over the summer. But when they unexpectedly discover they're now in the same high school, will they be able to rekindle their romance despite their eccentric friends?
Cast: John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Stockard Channing, Jeff Conaway, Barry Pearl


Insidious: The Last Key: 2018 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.259 rating
Parapsychologist Elise Rainier and her team travel to Five Keys, NM, to investigate a man’s claim of a haunting. Terror soon strikes when Rainier realizes that the house he lives in was her family’s old home.
Cast: Lin Shaye, Leigh Whannell, Angus Sampson, Kirk Acevedo, Caitlin Gerard


Predators: 2010 | R | 107 min | 6.246 rating
A group of cold-blooded killers find themselves trapped on an alien planet to be hunted by extraterrestrial Predators.
Cast: Adrien Brody, Topher Grace, Alice Braga, Oleg Taktarov, Laurence Fishburne


I Want You: 2012 | NR | 130 min | 7.407 rating
The sexy Gin is the new love of Hache, but this can not forget his former girlfriend, so the love triangle is inevitable.
Cast: Mario Casas, Clara Lago, María Valverde, Álvaro Cervantes, Diego Martín


Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts: 2021 | PG-13 | 103 min | 7.305 rating
An enchanting making-of story told through all-new in-depth interviews and cast conversations, inviting fans on a magical first-person journey through one of the most beloved film franchises of all time.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Bonnie Wright, Matthew Lewis


Lair: 2021 |  | 96 min | 5.9 rating
A fractured family are forced to face their demons, metaphorically and literally, as they unwittingly become embroiled in a man's attempt to prove the existence of the supernatural in order to overturn a friend's murder conviction.
Cast: Corey Johnson, Anya Newall, Aislinn De'ath, Alana Wallace, Kashif O'Connor


13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi: 2016 | R | 144 min | 7.273 rating
An American Ambassador is killed during an attack at a U.S. compound in Libya as a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos.
Cast: John Krasinski, James Badge Dale, Dominic Fumusa, Max Martini, Pablo Schreiber


Maleficent: Mistress of Evil: 2019 | PG | 119 min | 7.322 rating
Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play.
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning, Harris Dickinson, Michelle Pfeiffer, Sam Riley


Saw: 2004 | R | 103 min | 7.4 rating
Two men wake up to find themselves shackled in a grimy, abandoned bathroom. As they struggle to comprehend their predicament, they discover a disturbing tape left behind by the sadistic mastermind known as Jigsaw. With a chilling voice and cryptic instructions, Jigsaw informs them that they must partake in a gruesome game in order to secure their freedom.
Cast: Cary Elwes, Leigh Whannell, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, Ken Leung


Salakab: 2023 | NR | 99 min | 0 rating
Lena returns to her hometown after finishing college. Her boyfriend Arthur is consumed with jealousy and fury upon learning that Lena has another boyfriend from the city.
Cast: Angeli Khang, Benz Sangalang, Sahara Bernales, Horace Mendoza, Gilleth Sandico


The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special: 2022 | PG-13 | 45 min | 7.212 rating
On a mission to make Christmas unforgettable for Quill, the Guardians head to Earth in search of the perfect present.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Dave Bautista, Karen Gillan, Pom Klementieff, Vin Diesel


Exodus: Gods and Kings: 2014 | PG-13 | 150 min | 5.9 rating
The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues.
Cast: Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Ben Kingsley, John Turturro, Aaron Paul


Maze Runner: The Death Cure: 2018 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.108 rating
Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends, they must break into the legendary Last City, a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze.
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Ki Hong Lee, Rosa Salazar


Dinosaur: 2000 | PG | 82 min | 6.517 rating
An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home.
Cast: D.B. Sweeney, Alfre Woodard, Ossie Davis, Max Casella, Hayden Panettiere


Black Clover: Sword of the Wizard King: 2023 | PG-13 | 113 min | 8.163 rating
As a lionhearted boy who can’t wield magic strives for the title of Wizard King, four banished Wizard Kings of yore return to crush the Clover Kingdom.
Cast: Gakuto Kajiwara, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Junichi Suwabe, Kana Yuuki, Toshihiko Seki


Zombieland: Double Tap: 2019 | R | 99 min | 6.951 rating
Columbus, Tallahassee, Wichita, and Little Rock move to the American heartland as they face off against evolved zombies, fellow survivors, and the growing pains of the snarky makeshift family.
Cast: Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone, Abigail Breslin, Rosario Dawson


Love Actually: 2003 | R | 135 min | 7.114 rating
Eight London couples try to deal with their relationships in different ways. Their tryst with love makes them discover how complicated relationships can be.
Cast: Alan Rickman, Emma Thompson, Hugh Grant, Keira Knightley, Colin Firth


Zodiac: 2007 | R | 163 min | 7.522 rating
A cartoonist teams up with an ace reporter and a law enforcement officer to track down an elusive serial killer.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Mark Ruffalo, Anthony Edwards, Robert Downey Jr., Brian Cox


GANTZ:O: 2016 | NC-17 | 95 min | 7.309 rating
After being brutally murdered in a subway station, a teen boy awakens to find himself resurrected by a strange computer named Gantz, and forced to fight a large force of invading aliens in Osaka.
Cast: Yuki Kaji, Daisuke Ono, Saori Hayami, Mao Ichimichi, Masaya Onosaka


Beast: 2022 | R | 93 min | 6.699 rating
A recently widowed man and his two teenage daughters travel to a game reserve in South Africa. However, their journey of healing soon turns into a fight for survival when a bloodthirsty lion starts to stalk them.
Cast: Idris Elba, Leah Sava Jeffries, Iyana Halley, Sharlto Copley, Martin Munro


Finch: 2021 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.921 rating
On a post-apocalyptic Earth, a robot, built to protect the life of his dying creator's beloved dog, learns about life, love, friendship, and what it means to be human.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Caleb Landry Jones, Oscar Avila, Lora Martinez-Cunningham, Marie Wagenman


Decision to Leave: 2022 | NR | 138 min | 7.4 rating
From a mountain peak in South Korea, a man plummets to his death. Did he jump, or was he pushed? When detective Hae-joon arrives on the scene, he begins to suspect the dead man’s wife Seo-rae. But as he digs deeper into the investigation, he finds himself trapped in a web of deception and desire.
Cast: Tang Wei, Park Hae-il, Lee Jung-hyun, Go Kyung-pyo, Park Yong-woo


The Expendables: 2010 | R | 103 min | 6.238 rating
Barney Ross leads a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast Lee Christmas, a martial arts expert Yin Yang, heavy weapons specialist Hale Caesar, demolitionist Toll Road, and a loose-cannon sniper Gunner Jensen. When the group is commissioned by the mysterious Mr. Church to assassinate the dictator of a small South American island, Barney and Lee visit the remote locale to scout out their opposition and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Eric Roberts


Pan's Labyrinth: 2006 | R | 118 min | 7.8 rating
Living with her tyrannical stepfather in a new home with her pregnant mother, 10-year-old Ofelia feels alone until she explores a decaying labyrinth guarded by a mysterious faun who claims to know her destiny. If she wishes to return to her real father, Ofelia must complete three terrifying tasks.
Cast: Ivana Baquero, Maribel Verdú, Sergi López, Doug Jones, Ariadna Gil


Inu-Oh: 2022 | PG-13 | 99 min | 7.4 rating
Born to an esteemed family, Inu-oh is afflicted with an ancient curse that has left him on the margins of society. When he meets the blind musician Tomona, a young biwa priest haunted by his past, Inu-oh discovers a captivating ability to dance. The pair quickly become business partners and inseparable friends as crowds flock to their electric, larger-than-life concerts. But when those in power threaten to break up the band, Inu-oh and Tomona must dance and sing to uncover the truth behind their creative gifts.
Cast: Avu-chan, Mirai Moriyama, Tasuku Emoto, Kenjiro Tsuda, Yutaka Matsushige


Bee Movie: 2007 | PG | 91 min | 6.021 rating
Barry B. Benson, a bee who has just graduated from college, is disillusioned at his lone career choice: making honey. On a special trip outside the hive, Barry's life is saved by Vanessa, a florist in New York City. As their relationship blossoms, he discovers humans actually eat honey, and subsequently decides to sue us.
Cast: Jerry Seinfeld, Renée Zellweger, Matthew Broderick, Patrick Warburton, John Goodman


The Mask: 1994 | PG-13 | 101 min | 6.939 rating
When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Peter Riegert, Peter Greene, Amy Yasbeck, Richard Jeni


John Carter: 2012 | PG-13 | 132 min | 6.3 rating
John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands.
Cast: Taylor Kitsch, Lynn Collins, Samantha Morton, Willem Dafoe, Thomas Haden Church


Scooby-Doo! and Krypto, Too!: 2023 | NR | 79 min | 7.51 rating
When the Justice League goes missing and villains overrun Metropolis, there's only one team that can solve this mystery: Scooby-Doo and the gang! But wait, there's a new dog in town – Krypto – Superman's Superdog with Super Powers. Mystery Inc. will need all the help it can get when phantoms menace the Justice League's headquarters.
Cast: Frank Welker, Grey DeLisle, Matthew Lillard, Kate Micucci, P.J. Byrne


The Lair: 2022 |  | 93 min | 5.793 rating
Royal Air Force pilot Lt. Kate Sinclair is on her final flight mission when her jet is shot down over one of the most dangerous rebel strongholds in Afghanistan. She finds refuge in an abandoned underground bunker where deadly man-made creatures known as Ravagers — half-human, half-alien, and hungry for human flesh — are awakened.
Cast: Charlotte Kirk, Jonathan Howard, Jamie Bamber, Mark Strepan, Hadi Khanjanpour


Road to Perdition: 2002 | R | 117 min | 7.356 rating
Mike Sullivan works as a hit man for crime boss John Rooney. Sullivan views Rooney as a father figure, however after his son is witness to a killing, Mike Sullivan finds himself on the run in attempt to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tyler Hoechlin, Paul Newman, Jude Law, Daniel Craig


That's My Boy: 2012 | R | 116 min | 5.778 rating
While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd, and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down when Donny resurfaces just before Todd's wedding.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Andy Samberg, Leighton Meester, Vanilla Ice, Tony Orlando


Norbit: 2007 | PG-13 | 102 min | 5.6 rating
A mild-mannered guy who is engaged to a monstrous woman meets the woman of his dreams, and schemes to find a way to be with her.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Thandiwe Newton, Terry Crews, Clifton Powell, Lester Speight


Old Dads: 2023 | R | 102 min | 6.31 rating
A cranky middle-aged dad and his two best friends find themselves out of step in a changing world of millennial CEOs and powerful preschool principals.
Cast: Bill Burr, Bobby Cannavale, Bokeem Woodbine, Katie Aselton, Reign Edwards


Godzilla: 1998 | PG-13 | 138 min | 5.604 rating
French nuclear tests irradiate an iguana into a giant monster that viciously attacks freighter ships in the Pacific Ocean. A team of experts, including Niko Tatopoulos, conclude that the oversized reptile is the culprit. Before long, the giant lizard is loose in Manhattan as the US military races to destroy the monster before it reproduces and it's spawn takes over the world.
Cast: Matthew Broderick, Jean Reno, Maria Pitillo, Hank Azaria, Kevin Dunn


Shazam!: 2019 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.028 rating
A boy is given the ability to become an adult superhero in times of need with a single magic word.
Cast: Zachary Levi, Mark Strong, Asher Angel, Jack Dylan Grazer, Adam Brody


The First Purge: 2018 | R | 97 min | 5.998 rating
To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation.
Cast: Y'lan Noel, Lex Scott Davis, Joivan Wade, Steve Harris, Mugga


The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo: 2011 | R | 158 min | 7.364 rating
This English-language adaptation of the Swedish novel by Stieg Larsson follows a disgraced journalist, Mikael Blomkvist, as he investigates the disappearance of a weary patriarch's niece from 40 years ago. He is aided by the pierced, tattooed, punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander. As they work together in the investigation, Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer, Stellan Skarsgård, Robin Wright


Hereditary: 2018 | R | 128 min | 7.3 rating
When Ellen, the matriarch of the Graham family, passes away, her daughter's family begins to unravel cryptic and increasingly terrifying secrets about their ancestry.
Cast: Toni Collette, Gabriel Byrne, Alex Wolff, Milly Shapiro, Ann Dowd


The Sea Beast: 2022 | PG | 119 min | 7.4 rating
In an era when terrifying beasts roamed the seas, monster hunters were celebrated heroes. None were more beloved than the great Jacob Holland. But when young Maisie Brumble stows away on his fabled ship, he's saddled with an unexpected ally. Together they embark on an epic journey into uncharted waters and make history.
Cast: Karl Urban, Zaris-Angel Hator, Jared Harris, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Benjamin Plessala


Nope: 2022 | R | 130 min | 6.9 rating
Residents in a lonely gulch of inland California bear witness to an uncanny, chilling discovery.
Cast: Daniel Kaluuya, Keke Palmer, Brandon Perea, Michael Wincott, Steven Yeun


X-Men: Apocalypse: 2016 | PG-13 | 144 min | 6.513 rating
After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan.
Cast: James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Oscar Isaac, Jennifer Lawrence, Nicholas Hoult


The Devil Conspiracy: 2023 | R | 111 min | 6.497 rating
A powerful biotech company has breakthrough technology allowing them to clone history’s most influential people with just a few fragments of DNA. Behind this company is a cabal of Satanists that steals the shroud of Christ, putting them in possession of Jesus’ DNA. The clone will serve as the ultimate offering to the devil. The Archangel Michael comes to earth and will stop at nothing to end the devil’s conspiracy.
Cast: Alice Orr-Ewing, Joe Doyle, Eveline Hall, Peter Mensah, Joe Anderson


Battleship: 2012 | PG-13 | 131 min | 5.818 rating
When mankind beams a radio signal into space, a reply comes from ‘Planet G’, in the form of several alien crafts that splash down in the waters off Hawaii. Lieutenant Alex Hopper is a weapons officer assigned to the USS John Paul Jones, part of an international naval coalition which becomes the world's last hope for survival as they engage the hostile alien force of unimaginable strength. While taking on the invaders, Hopper must also try to live up to the potential that his brother, and his fiancée's father—an Admiral—expect of him.
Cast: Taylor Kitsch, Tadanobu Asano, Rihanna, Brooklyn Decker, Gregory D. Gadson


Sasaki and Miyano: Graduation: 2023 |  | 50 min | 5.788 rating
Miyano’s world of Boys’ Love manga turns to reality when chance leads him to Sasaki. Now, Sasaki wants to spend every opportunity with him.
Cast: Yusuke Shirai, Soma Saito, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Yuki Ono, Yuma Uchida


National Lampoon's Vacation: 1983 | R | 99 min | 7.116 rating
Clark Griswold is on a quest to take his family to the Walley World theme park for a vacation, but things don't go exactly as planned.
Cast: Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Anthony Michael Hall, Imogene Coca, Randy Quaid


The Menu: 2022 | R | 107 min | 7.193 rating
A young couple travels to a remote island to eat at an exclusive restaurant where the chef has prepared a lavish menu, with some shocking surprises.
Cast: Anya Taylor-Joy, Ralph Fiennes, Nicholas Hoult, Janet McTeer, Paul Adelstein


The Incredibles: 2004 | PG | 115 min | 7.704 rating
Bob Parr has given up his superhero days to log in time as an insurance adjuster and raise his three children with his formerly heroic wife in suburbia. But when he receives a mysterious assignment, it's time to get back into costume.
Cast: Craig T. Nelson, Holly Hunter, Sarah Vowell, Spencer Fox, Jason Lee


Wish Dragon: 2021 | PG | 99 min | 7.949 rating
Determined teen Din is longing to reconnect with his childhood best friend when he meets a wish-granting dragon who shows him the magic of possibilities.
Cast: Jimmy Wong, John Cho, Constance Wu, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Jimmy O. Yang


Power Rangers: 2017 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.3 rating
Five ordinary teens must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove — and the world — is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it’s too late, band together as the Power Rangers.
Cast: Dacre Montgomery, RJ Cyler, Ludi Lin, Naomi Scott, Becky G


A Brush with Christmas: 2022 | G | 84 min | 5.862 rating
Over the week leading up to Christmas in the town of Bayside, Charlotte tries to capture her own unique style in the local art scene while also helping her mother, run the family restaurant. Disheartened and struggling to find time for her art, Charlotte throws out her latest painting, only to discover that it has been anonymously submitted to the Christmas art festival. It turns out that Wyatt, a visiting artist, stumbled upon her discarded work and is now using the festival’s exposure to find its mysterious creator.
Cast: Jillian Murray, Joseph Cannata, Jan Skene, Farrah Aviva, Paul Essiembre


It Follows: 2015 | R | 101 min | 6.566 rating
When carefree teenager Jay sleeps with her older boyfriend for the first time, she learns that she is the latest recipient of a fatal curse that is passed from victim to victim via sexual intercourse. Death, Jay learns, will creep inexorably toward her as either a friend or a stranger. Jay's friends don't believe her seemingly paranoid ravings, until they too begin to see the phantom assassins and band together to help her defend herself.
Cast: Maika Monroe, Keir Gilchrist, Daniel Zovatto, Jake Weary, Olivia Luccardi


The Shack: 2017 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.5 rating
After suffering a family tragedy, Mack Phillips spirals into a deep depression causing him to question his innermost beliefs. Facing a crisis of faith, he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Despite his doubts, Mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named Papa. Through this meeting, Mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Octavia Spencer, Tim McGraw, Aviv Alush, Sumire Matsubara


Orphan: First Kill: 2022 | R | 99 min | 6.696 rating
After escaping from an Estonian psychiatric facility, Leena Klammer travels to America by impersonating Esther, the missing daughter of a wealthy family. But when her mask starts to slip, she is put against a mother who will protect her family from the murderous “child” at any cost.
Cast: Isabelle Fuhrman, Julia Stiles, Rossif Sutherland, Hiro Kanagawa, Matthew Finlan


A Quiet Place: 2018 | PG-13 | 91 min | 7.396 rating
A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound.
Cast: John Krasinski, Emily Blunt, Millicent Simmonds, Noah Jupe, Cade Woodward


Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted: 2012 | PG | 93 min | 6.611 rating
Animal pals Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent, Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Frances McDormand


Wrath of the Titans: 2012 | PG-13 | 99 min | 5.7 rating
Perseus tries to live a quieter life as a village fisherman while - dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion - the gods are losing control of the long-imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Rosamund Pike, Bill Nighy


Emmanuelle 4: 1984 | R | 89 min | 4.7 rating
In order to escape from her former lover Marc, Sylvia goes to Brazil where Dr. Santamo transforms her into the beautiful Emmanuelle...
Cast: Sylvia Kristel, Mia Nygren, Patrick Bauchau, Deborah Power, Sophie Berger


Beau Is Afraid: 2023 | R | 179 min | 6.822 rating
A paranoid man embarks on an epic odyssey to get home to his mother.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Patti LuPone, Amy Ryan, Nathan Lane, Kylie Rogers


Castle in the Sky: 1986 | PG | 125 min | 8 rating
A young boy and a girl with a magic crystal must race against pirates and foreign agents in a search for a legendary floating castle.
Cast: Keiko Yokozawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Minori Terada, Kotoe Hatsui, Fujio Tokita


Despicable Me 2: 2013 | PG | 98 min | 6.918 rating
Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal.
Cast: Steve Carell, Kristen Wiig, Benjamin Bratt, Miranda Cosgrove, Russell Brand


The Stairs: 2021 |  | 92 min | 3.781 rating
In 1997, 11-year-old Jesse finds a mysterious staircase in the woods and disappears - - 20 years later, a group of hikers sets off into the very same woods. Unfortunately for them, they come face-to-face with the very same set of stairs...
Cast: Kathleen Quinlan, John Schneider, Russell Hodgkinson, Trin Miller, Stacey Oristano


Ice Age: The Meltdown: 2006 | PG | 91 min | 6.692 rating
Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation.
Cast: Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah, Seann William Scott


Finnick: 2022 | NR | 85 min | 7.286 rating
Not many people know that every house is inhabited by finns. They are furry creatures that appear in human world to take care of a house and keep the hearth. Finnick is a young Finn, who doesn't seem to care about his responsibility of making a home out of the house. He is just making pranks on «his people» and that is the reason why none of the families wanted to stay long in his house. Everything changes when a new family comes to his house, where Finnick's tricks do not work at all, and he meets 13-year old Christine and inexplicable events begin to happen in the city. Finnick and Christine, who are so different, will have to team up and work together to solve the mystery of the events and save the city.
Cast: Danya Milokhin, Ida Galich, Aleksandr Gudkov, Артур Бабич, Boris Dergachev


The Conjuring 2: 2016 | R | 134 min | 7.294 rating
Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits.
Cast: Patrick Wilson, Vera Farmiga, Madison Wolfe, Frances O'Connor, Simon McBurney


Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile: 2022 | PG | 106 min | 7.214 rating
When the Primm family moves to New York City, their young son Josh struggles to adapt to his new school and new friends. All of that changes when he discovers Lyle — a singing crocodile who loves baths, caviar and great music — living in the attic of his new home. But when Lyle’s existence is threatened by evil neighbor Mr. Grumps, the Primms must band together to show the world that family can come from the most unexpected places.
Cast: Shawn Mendes, Javier Bardem, Winslow Fegley, Constance Wu, Scoot McNairy


Survivor: 2015 | PG-13 | 96 min | 5.7 rating
A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Milla Jovovich, Dylan McDermott, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster


The Hunger Games: 2012 | PG-13 | 142 min | 7.2 rating
Every year in the ruins of what was once North America, the nation of Panem forces each of its twelve districts to send a teenage boy and girl to compete in the Hunger Games.  Part twisted entertainment, part government intimidation tactic, the Hunger Games are a nationally televised event in which “Tributes” must fight with one another until one survivor remains.  Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives, Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy.  If she’s ever to return home to District 12, Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love. The world will be watching.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks


Amazonia: The Catherine Miles Story: 1985 | R | 90 min | 6.078 rating
A young woman seeks vengeance and finds love when her parents are killed in the Amazon and she is taken prisoner by an indigenous tribe of headhunters.
Cast: Elvire Audray, Will Gonzales, Andrea Coppola, Dick Campbell, Dick Marshall


Ice Age: Collision Course: 2016 | PG | 95 min | 6.081 rating
Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and locations.
Cast: Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah, Seann William Scott


Gifted: 2017 | PG-13 | 101 min | 8.041 rating
Frank, a single man raising his child prodigy niece Mary, is drawn into a custody battle with his mother.
Cast: Chris Evans, Mckenna Grace, Lindsay Duncan, Jenny Slate, Octavia Spencer


Spy Kids: Armageddon: 2023 | PG | 98 min | 6.4 rating
When the children of the world’s greatest secret agents unwittingly help a powerful game developer unleash a computer virus that gives him control of all technology, they must become spies themselves to save their parents and the world.
Cast: Connor Esterson, Everly Carganilla, Zachary Levi, Gina Rodriguez, Billy Magnussen


Terminator 2: Judgment Day: 1991 | R | 137 min | 8.106 rating
Set ten years after the events of the original, James Cameron’s classic sci-fi action flick tells the story of a second attempt to get the rid of rebellion leader John Connor, this time targeting the boy himself. However, the rebellion has sent a reprogrammed terminator to protect Connor.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong, Robert Patrick, Joe Morton


Mulan: 2020 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.895 rating
When the Emperor of China issues a decree that one man per family must serve in the Imperial Chinese Army to defend the country from Huns, Hua Mulan, the eldest daughter of an honored warrior, steps in to take the place of her ailing father. She is spirited, determined and quick on her feet. Disguised as a man by the name of Hua Jun, she is tested every step of the way and must harness her innermost strength and embrace her true potential.
Cast: Liu Yifei, Donnie Yen, Gong Li, Jet Li, Jason Scott Lee


Titane: 2021 | R | 108 min | 6.427 rating
A woman with a metal plate in her head from a childhood car accident embarks on a bizarre journey, bringing her into contact with a firefighter who's reunited with his missing son after 10 years.
Cast: Agathe Rousselle, Vincent Lindon, Garance Marillier, Laïs Salameh, Mara Cissé


Incredibles 2: 2018 | PG | 118 min | 7.477 rating
Elastigirl springs into action to save the day, while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet – taking care of the problems of his three children.
Cast: Craig T. Nelson, Holly Hunter, Sarah Vowell, Huck Milner, Samuel L. Jackson


Gladiator: 2000 | R | 155 min | 8.212 rating
In the year 180, the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius throws the Roman Empire into chaos.  Maximus is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor.  As Marcus' devious son Commodus ascends to the throne, Maximus is set to be executed.  He escapes, but is captured by slave traders.  Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator, Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Oliver Reed, Richard Harris


Skinamarink: 2023 | NR | 100 min | 5.668 rating
Two children wake up in the middle of the night to find their father is missing, and all the windows and doors in their home have vanished.
Cast: Lucas Paul, Dali Rose Tetreault, Ross Paul, Jaime Hill, Kyle Edward Ball


Viking: Bloodlust: 2023 | NR | 82 min | 6.909 rating
A band of vikings are on the run from a blood thirsty group of Berserkers who want to fight to the death.
Cast: Stephen Samson, Madalena Alberto, Jodyanne Richardson, Jamie Sordyl, Andrea Bechis


Ninja Assassin: 2009 | R | 99 min | 6.587 rating
Ninja Assassin follows Raizo, one of the deadliest assassins in the world. Taken from the streets as a child, he was transformed into a trained killer by the Ozunu Clan, a secret society whose very existence is considered a myth. But haunted by the merciless execution of his friend by the Clan, Raizo breaks free from them and vanishes. Now he waits, preparing to exact his revenge.
Cast: Rain, Naomie Harris, Sung Kang, Randall Duk Kim, Rick Yune


Memories: 1995 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.432 rating
In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder."
Cast: Tsutomu Isobe, Koichi Yamadera, Shozo Iizuka, Shigeru Chiba, Gara Takashima


The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug: 2013 | PG-13 | 161 min | 7.6 rating
The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug.
Cast: Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Richard Armitage, Ken Stott, James Nesbitt


Life in a Year: 2020 | PG-13 | 107 min | 8.287 rating
A 17 year old finds out that his girlfriend is dying, so he sets out to give her an entire life, in the last year she has left.
Cast: Jaden Smith, Cara Delevingne, Cuba Gooding Jr., Chris D'Elia, JT Neal


Three Steps Above Heaven: 2010 |  | 122 min | 7.745 rating
Story of two young people who belong to different worlds. It is the chronicle of a love improbable, almost impossible but inevitable dragging in a frantic journey they discover the first great love. Babi is a girl from upper-middle class that is educated in goodness and innocence . Hache is a rebellious boy, impulsive, unconscious, has a appetite for risk and danger embodied in endless fights and illegal motorbike races, the limit of common sense
Cast: María Valverde, Mario Casas, Álvaro Cervantes, Marina Salas, Nerea Camacho


17 Again: 2009 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.3 rating
On the brink of a midlife crisis, 30-something Mike O'Donnell wishes he could have a "do-over." And that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up one morning to find he's 17 years old again. With his adult mind stuck inside the body of a teenager, Mike actually has the chance to reverse some decisions he wishes he'd never made. But maybe they weren't so bad after all.
Cast: Zac Efron, Leslie Mann, Thomas Lennon, Michelle Trachtenberg, Sterling Knight


Monsters University: 2013 | G | 104 min | 7.031 rating
A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University — when they weren't necessarily the best of friends.
Cast: Billy Crystal, John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, Helen Mirren, Peter Sohn


Haunted Mansion: 2023 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.603 rating
A woman and her son enlist a motley crew of so-called spiritual experts to help rid their home of supernatural squatters.
Cast: Rosario Dawson, Chase W. Dillon, LaKeith Stanfield, Owen Wilson, Tiffany Haddish


John Wick: 2014 | R | 101 min | 7.4 rating
Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Ian McShane, John Leguizamo, Willem Dafoe


Tower Heist: 2011 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.077 rating
A luxury condo manager leads a staff of workers to seek payback on the Wall Street swindler who defrauded them. With only days until the billionaire gets away with the perfect crime, the unlikely crew of amateur thieves enlists the help of petty crook Slide to steal the $20 million they’re sure is hidden in the penthouse.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Eddie Murphy, Casey Affleck, Alan Alda, Matthew Broderick


Cinderella: 1950 | G | 74 min | 7.041 rating
Cinderella has faith her dreams of a better life will come true. With help from her loyal mice friends and a wave of her Fairy Godmother's wand, Cinderella's rags are magically turned into a glorious gown and off she goes to the Royal Ball. But when the clock strikes midnight, the spell is broken, leaving a single glass slipper... the only key to the ultimate fairy-tale ending!
Cast: Ilene Woods, Eleanor Audley, Verna Felton, Claire Du Brey, Rhoda Williams


Krampus Unleashed: 2016 |  | 80 min | 4.5 rating
In pursuit of buried treasure, a group of fortune hunters unearth an ancient demonic summoning stone that holds a terrible curse and awakens a timeless evil, the Krampus. After centuries of slumber, Krampus has awoken with a thirst for blood.
Cast: Amelia Brantley, Bryson Holl


Seventh Son: 2014 | PG-13 | 102 min | 5.496 rating
John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't?
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Julianne Moore, Ben Barnes, Alicia Vikander, John DeSantis


Back to the Future: 1985 | PG | 116 min | 8.3 rating
Eighties teenager Marty McFly is accidentally sent back in time to 1955, inadvertently disrupting his parents' first meeting and attracting his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by rekindling his parents' romance and - with the help of his eccentric inventor friend Doc Brown - return to 1985.
Cast: Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson


Call Me by Your Name: 2017 |  | 132 min | 8.162 rating
In 1980s Italy, a relationship begins between seventeen-year-old teenage Elio and the older adult man hired as his father's research assistant.
Cast: Timothée Chalamet, Armie Hammer, Michael Stuhlbarg, Amira Casar, Esther Garrel


Red Dawn: 1984 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.3 rating
It is the dawn of World War III. In mid-western America, a group of teenagers band together to defend their town—and their country—from invading Soviet forces.
Cast: Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, Darren Dalton


Not Another Teen Movie: 2001 | R | 89 min | 5.788 rating
On a bet, a gridiron hero at John Hughes High School sets out to turn a bespectacled plain Jane into a beautiful and popular prom queen in this outrageous send-up of the teen movies of the 1980s and '90s.
Cast: Chyler Leigh, Chris Evans, Jaime Pressly, Eric Christian Olsen, Mia Kirshner


Black Panther: 2018 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.388 rating
King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings, T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantle to join with ex-girlfriend Nakia, the queen-mother, his princess-kid sister, members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war.
Cast: Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Martin Freeman


Warcraft: 2016 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.371 rating
The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds, one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides, two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family, their people, and their home.
Cast: Travis Fimmel, Paula Patton, Ben Foster, Dominic Cooper, Ben Schnetzer


Dumb and Dumber To: 2014 | PG-13 | 110 min | 5.55 rating
20 years since their first adventure, Lloyd and Harry go on a road trip to find Harry's newly discovered daughter, who was given up for adoption.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels, Laurie Holden, Rachel Melvin, Kathleen Turner


Nimona: 2023 | PG | 102 min | 7.963 rating
A knight framed for a tragic crime teams with a scrappy, shape-shifting teen to prove his innocence.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Riz Ahmed, Eugene Lee Yang, Frances Conroy, Lorraine Toussaint


Hocus Pocus 2: 2022 | PG | 107 min | 7.307 rating
29 years since the Black Flame Candle was last lit, the 17th-century Sanderson sisters are resurrected, and they are looking for revenge. Now it's up to three high school students to stop the ravenous witches from wreaking a new kind of havoc on Salem before dawn on All Hallow's Eve.
Cast: Bette Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker, Kathy Najimy, Whitney Peak, Belissa Escobedo


Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs: 1937 | G | 83 min | 7.122 rating
A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as "the fairest in the land," and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own.
Cast: Adriana Caselotti, Lucille La Verne, Harry Stockwell, Roy Atwell, Pinto Colvig


The Simpsons Movie: 2007 | PG-13 | 87 min | 6.999 rating
After Homer accidentally pollutes the town's water supply, Springfield is encased in a gigantic dome by the EPA and the Simpsons are declared fugitives.
Cast: Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria


Night at the Museum: 2006 | PG | 108 min | 6.575 rating
Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Carla Gugino, Dick Van Dyke, Mickey Rooney, Bill Cobbs


Allegiant: 2016 | PG-13 | 120 min | 6.107 rating
Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into the world outside of the fence and are taken into protective custody by a mysterious agency known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare.
Cast: Shailene Woodley, Theo James, Miles Teller, Zoë Kravitz, Naomi Watts


RoboCop: 1987 | R | 102 min | 7.3 rating
In a violent, near-apocalyptic Detroit, evil corporation Omni Consumer Products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. To test their crime-eradicating cyborgs, the company leads street cop Alex Murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord Boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested RoboCop prototype. But when RoboCop learns of the company's nefarious plans, he turns on his masters.
Cast: Peter Weller, Nancy Allen, Dan O'Herlihy, Ronny Cox, Kurtwood Smith


Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: 2016 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.332 rating
In 1926, Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase, which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase, it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt, and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations.
Cast: Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, Colin Farrell


Train to Busan: 2016 | NR | 118 min | 7.76 rating
When a zombie virus pushes Korea into a state of emergency, those trapped on an express train to Busan must fight for their own survival.
Cast: Gong Yoo, Kim Su-an, Jung Yu-mi, Ma Dong-seok, Choi Woo-shik


Infinity Pool: 2023 | R | 118 min | 6.155 rating
While staying at an isolated island resort, James and Em are enjoying a perfect vacation of pristine beaches, exceptional staff, and soaking up the sun. But guided by the seductive and mysterious Gabi, they venture outside the resort grounds and find themselves in a culture filled with violence, hedonism, and untold horror. A tragic accident leaves them facing a zero tolerance policy for crime: either you'll be executed, or, if you’re rich enough to afford it, you can watch yourself die instead.
Cast: Alexander Skarsgård, Mia Goth, Cleopatra Coleman, Jalil Lespert, Amanda Brugel


Accident Man: Hitman's Holiday: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.496 rating
The Accident Man is back, and this time he must best the top assassins in the world to protect the ungrateful son of a mafia boss, save the life of his only friend and rekindle his relationship with his maniacal father figure.
Cast: Scott Adkins, Ray Stevenson, Perry Benson, Sarah Chang, Andy Long Nguyen


Pacific Rim: Uprising: 2018 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.1 rating
It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns.
Cast: John Boyega, Scott Eastwood, Cailee Spaeny, Jing Tian, Rinko Kikuchi


Stand by Me Doraemon: 2014 | G | 90 min | 7.318 rating
Sewashi and Doraemon find themselves way back in time and meet Nobita. It is up to Doraemon to take care of Nobita or else he will not return to the present.
Cast: Wasabi Mizuta, Megumi Oohara, Yumi Kakazu, Subaru Kimura, Tomokazu Seki


Little Man: 2006 | PG-13 | 98 min | 5.879 rating
After leaving the prison, the dwarf criminal Calvin Sims joins to his moron brother Percy to steal an expensive huge diamond in a jewelry for the mobster Walken. They are chased by the police, and Calvin hides the stone in the purse of the executive Vanessa Edwards, whose husband Darryl Edwards wants to have a baby. Percy convinces Calvin to dress like a baby and be left in front of the Edwards's house to get inside the house and retrieve the diamond. Darryl and Vanessa keep Calvin for the weekend and decide to adopt him, while Walken threatens Darryl to get the stone back.
Cast: Marlon Wayans, Shawn Wayans, Kerry Washington, John Witherspoon, Tracy Morgan


X-Men: Days of Future Past: 2014 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.526 rating
The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past – to save our future.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen


Superman: 1978 | PG | 143 min | 7.122 rating
Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at the Daily Planet alongside his crush, Lois Lane. Clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious Lex Luthor launches a plan to take over the world.
Cast: Marlon Brando, Gene Hackman, Christopher Reeve, Ned Beatty, Jackie Cooper


Tears of the Sun: 2003 | R | 121 min | 6.855 rating
Navy SEAL Lieutenant A.K. Waters and his elite squadron of tactical specialists are forced to choose between their duty and their humanity, between following orders by ignoring the conflict that surrounds them, or finding the courage to follow their conscience and protect a group of innocent refugees. When the democratic government of Nigeria collapses and the country is taken over by a ruthless military dictator, Waters, a fiercely loyal and hardened veteran is dispatched on a routine mission to retrieve a Doctors Without Borders physician.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Monica Bellucci, Cole Hauser, Eamonn Walker, Johnny Messner


Rise of the Planet of the Apes: 2011 | PG-13 | 105 min | 7.295 rating
A highly intelligent chimpanzee named Caesar has been living a peaceful suburban life ever since he was born. But when he gets taken to a cruel primate facility, Caesar decides to revolt against those who have harmed him.
Cast: Andy Serkis, James Franco, Freida Pinto, John Lithgow, Brian Cox


The Retirement Plan: 2023 | R | 103 min | 6.549 rating
When Ashley and her young daughter Sarah get caught up in a criminal enterprise that puts their lives at risk, she turns to the only person who can help: her estranged father Matt, currently living the life of a retired beach bum in the Cayman Islands. Their reunion is fleeting as they are soon tracked down on the island by crime boss Donnie and his lieutenant Bobo. As Ashley, Sarah, and Matt become entangled in an increasingly dangerous web, Ashley quickly learns her father had a secret past that she knew nothing about and that there is more to her father than meets the eye.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Ashley Greene, Thalia Campbell, Ron Perlman, Jackie Earle Haley


Blue Giant: 2023 |  | 120 min | 8.6 rating
Dai Miyamoto's life is turned upside down the day he discovers jazz. A former high school basketball player, Dai picks up a saxophone and begins practicing day and night, determined to become one of the greatest of all time. He leaves his sleepy hometown for the bustling nightclubs of Tokyo, but soon finds the life of a professional musician is not for the faint of heart. His passion eventually wins over the cocky but talented pianist Yukinori, and after Dai convinces his friend Shunji to learn the drums, they launch a new jazz trio whose rough sound contains a raw energy that quickly wins attention from local audiences. But what does it take to truly be great?
Cast: Yuki Yamada, Shotaro Mamiya, Amane Okayama, Yusuke Kondoh, Mirei Suda


I Believe: 2019 |  | 89 min | 7.621 rating
A 9 year old boy experiences God's power in a supernatural way.
Cast: Rowan Smyth, Matt Lindquist, Wilford Brimley, Jeremy London, Tom Sizemore


Shotgun Wedding: 2022 | R | 101 min | 6.308 rating
Darcy and Tom gather their families for the ultimate destination wedding but when the entire party is taken hostage, “’Til Death Do Us Part” takes on a whole new meaning. Now, Darcy and Tom must save their loved ones—if they don’t kill each other first.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Josh Duhamel, Lenny Kravitz, Sônia Braga, Jennifer Coolidge


Dune: Part Two: 2024 | PG-13 | 166 min | 0 rating
Follow the mythic journey of Paul Atreides as he unites with Chani and the Fremen while on a warpath of revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family. Facing a choice between the love of his life and the fate of the known universe, Paul endeavors to prevent a terrible future only he can foresee.
Cast: Timothée Chalamet, Zendaya, Rebecca Ferguson, Josh Brolin, Austin Butler


Shutter Island: 2010 | R | 138 min | 8.201 rating
World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by troubling visions and a mysterious doctor.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams


Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials: 2015 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.7 rating
Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters, the Gladers take on WCKD’s vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all.
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Ki Hong Lee, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Dexter Darden


Awareness: 2023 |  | 112 min | 5.746 rating
Ian is a teenager who lives with his father on the outskirts by running small scams using Ian's ability to generate visual illusions upon unsuspecting victims. When one of his cons goes awry, his abilities publicly spiral out of control and Ian becomes the target of two rival organizations, each seeking to exploit his powers.
Cast: Carlos Scholz, Pedro Alonso, María Pedraza, Óscar Jaenada, Lela Loren


All Quiet on the Western Front: 2022 | R | 147 min | 7.735 rating
Paul Baumer and his friends Albert and Muller, egged on by romantic dreams of heroism, voluntarily enlist in the German army. Full of excitement and patriotic fervour, the boys enthusiastically march into a war they believe in. But once on the Western Front, they discover the soul-destroying horror of World War I.
Cast: Felix Kammerer, Albrecht Schuch, Aaron Hilmer, Moritz Klaus, Adrian Grünewald


Hook: 1991 | PG | 141 min | 6.832 rating
The boy who wasn't supposed to grow up—Peter Pan—does just that, becoming a soulless corporate lawyer whose workaholism could cost him his wife and kids. During his trip to see Granny Wendy in London, the vengeful Capt. Hook kidnaps Peter's kids and forces Peter to return to Neverland.
Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Robin Williams, Julia Roberts, Bob Hoskins, Maggie Smith


Underwater: 2020 | PG-13 | 95 min | 6.299 rating
After an earthquake destroys their underwater station, six researchers must navigate two miles along the dangerous, unknown depths of the ocean floor to make it to safety in a race against time.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Vincent Cassel, Mamoudou Athie, T.J. Miller, John Gallagher Jr.


The Quintessential Quintuplets Movie: 2022 |  | 136 min | 8.4 rating
When five lovely young girls who hate studying hire part-time tutor Futaro, he guides not only their education but also their hearts. Time spent has brought them all closer, with feelings growing within the girls and Futaro. As they finish their third year of high school and their last school festival approaches, they set their sights on what’s next. Is there a future with one of them and Futaro?
Cast: Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Kana Hanazawa, Ayana Taketatsu, Miku Ito, Ayane Sakura


Edge of Tomorrow: 2014 | PG-13 | 114 min | 7.611 rating
Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes, managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Emily Blunt, Bill Paxton, Brendan Gleeson, Noah Taylor


Her: 2013 |  | 126 min | 7.861 rating
In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonely writer, purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every need. To Theodore's surprise, a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Scarlett Johansson, Amy Adams, Rooney Mara, Chris Pratt


The Santa Clause: 1994 | PG | 97 min | 6.456 rating
On Christmas Eve, divorced dad Scott Calvin and his son discover Santa Claus has fallen off their roof. When Scott takes the reins of the magical sleigh, he finds he is now the new Santa, and must convince a world of disbelievers, including himself.
Cast: Tim Allen, Judge Reinhold, Wendy Crewson, Eric Lloyd, David Krumholtz


Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2: 2017 | PG-13 | 137 min | 7.621 rating
The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldaña, Dave Bautista, Vin Diesel, Bradley Cooper


Kraven the Hunter: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Sergei Kravinoff is a big game hunter, who takes a magical serum giving him superhuman abilities and a longer life.
Cast: Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Russell Crowe, Ariana DeBose, Fred Hechinger, Alessandro Nivola


Arrival: 2016 | PG-13 | 116 min | 7.6 rating
Taking place after alien crafts land around the world, an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat.
Cast: Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner, Forest Whitaker, Michael Stuhlbarg, Tzi Ma


Thor: The Dark World: 2013 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.535 rating
Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos… but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Tom Hiddleston, Anthony Hopkins, Christopher Eccleston


The Swan Princess: Far Longer Than Forever: 2023 | PG | 81 min | 6.8 rating
Eager to discover the truth about his late father, King Derek and Queen Odette set off on an epic undercover adventure. With the help of their friends, Derek and Odette piece the mystery together, only to have it all unravel. Will they ever know the truth about King Max?
Cast: Nina Herzog, Yuri Lowenthal


The Thin Yellow Line: 2015 | NR | 95 min | 8.258 rating
Five men are hired to paint the yellow line the road between two villages in Mexico forgotten. Aboard an old pickup truck, initiated the work of more than two hundred kilometers of asphalt and yellow paint to be completed in less than a fortnight
Cast: Damián Alcázar, Joaquín Cosío, Silverio Palacios, Gustavo Sánchez Parra, Américo Hollander


GoldenEye: 1995 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.884 rating
When a powerful satellite system falls into the hands of Alec Trevelyan, AKA Agent 006, a former ally-turned-enemy, only James Bond can save the world from a dangerous space weapon that -- in one short pulse -- could destroy the earth! As Bond squares off against his former compatriot, he also battles Xenia Onatopp, an assassin who uses pleasure as her ultimate weapon
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Sean Bean, Izabella Scorupco, Famke Janssen, Joe Don Baker


Hellboy: 2004 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.666 rating
In the final days of World War II, the Nazis attempt to use black magic to aid their dying cause. The Allies raid the camp where the ceremony is taking place, but not before they summon a baby demon who is rescued by Allied forces and dubbed "Hellboy". Sixty years later, Hellboy serves the cause of good rather than evil as an agent in the Bureau of Paranormal Research & Defense, along with Abe Sapien - a merman with psychic powers, and Liz Sherman - a woman with pyrokinesis, protecting America against dark forces.
Cast: Ron Perlman, Selma Blair, Doug Jones, John Hurt, Rupert Evans


Mob Land: 2023 | R | 111 min | 5.8 rating
A sheriff tries to keep the peace when a desperate family man violently robs a pill mill with his brother-in-law, alerting an enforcer for the New Orleans mafia.
Cast: John Travolta, Shiloh Fernandez, Stephen Dorff, Ashley Benson, Kevin Dillon


Paws of Fury: The Legend of Hank: 2022 | PG | 94 min | 6.7 rating
A hard-on-his-luck hound finds himself in a town full of cats in need of a hero to defend them from a ruthless villain's wicked plot to wipe their village off the map. With help from a reluctant mentor, our underdog must assume the role of town samurai and team up with the villagers to save the day.
Cast: Michael Cera, Samuel L. Jackson, Ricky Gervais, Kylie Kuioka, Mel Brooks


House of Gucci: 2021 | R | 158 min | 6.631 rating
When Patrizia Reggiani, an outsider from humble beginnings, marries into the Gucci family, her unbridled ambition begins to unravel the family legacy and triggers a reckless spiral of betrayal, decadence, revenge, and ultimately… murder.
Cast: Lady Gaga, Adam Driver, Al Pacino, Jeremy Irons, Jared Leto


Rocky IV: 1985 | PG | 91 min | 7.1 rating
Rocky Balboa proudly holds the world heavyweight boxing championship, but a new challenger has stepped forward: Drago, a six-foot-four, 261-pound fighter who has the backing of the Soviet Union.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Dolph Lundgren


Alien Resurrection: 1997 | R | 109 min | 6.136 rating
Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died, a group of scientists clone her, hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. But the new Ripley is full of surprises … as are the new aliens. Ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching Earth.
Cast: Sigourney Weaver, Winona Ryder, Dominique Pinon, Ron Perlman, Gary Dourdan


The Lego Batman Movie: 2017 | PG | 104 min | 7.228 rating
A cooler-than-ever Bruce Wayne must deal with the usual suspects as they plan to rule Gotham City, while discovering that he has accidentally adopted a teenage orphan who wishes to become his sidekick.
Cast: Will Arnett, Zach Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, Ralph Fiennes


Spy Game: 2001 | R | 126 min | 6.922 rating
On the day of his retirement, a veteran CIA agent learns that his former protégé has been arrested in China, is sentenced to die the next morning in Beijing, and that the CIA is considering letting that happen to avoid an international scandal.
Cast: Robert Redford, Brad Pitt, Catherine McCormack, Stephen Dillane, Larry Bryggman


The Hangover Part II: 2011 | R | 102 min | 6.472 rating
The Hangover crew heads to Thailand for Stu's wedding. After the disaster of a bachelor party in Las Vegas last year, Stu is playing it safe with a mellow pre-wedding brunch. However, nothing goes as planned and Bangkok is the perfect setting for another adventure with the rowdy group.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, Ken Jeong


Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection 'F': 2015 | NR | 93 min | 6.822 rating
One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed, and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Ryou Horikawa, Ryusei Nakao, Koichi Yamadera, Masakazu Morita


Saint Seiya: Legend of Crimson Youth: 1988 | NR | 75 min | 7.6 rating
Athena receives the visit of Phoebus Abel, her older brother and God of the Corona. He informs her that he has come to destroy humanity as punishment for their corruption, just as it was done in ancient times. He dismisses Seiya and the Bronze Saints, as she will now be guarded by Abel's three Corona Saints, Atlas of Carina, Jaow of Lynx and Berenike of Coma Berenices, and the five resurrected Gold Saints who died in the Sanctuary battle: Saga of Gemini, Deathmask of Cancer, Shura of Capricorn, Camus of Aquarius and Aphrodite of Pisces. When Athena rebels against Abel's plan, he attacks her, sending her soul to Elysion, the final resting place from which there is no return. The Bronze Saints immediately rush to the Sanctuary to save her and ultimately overcome Abel.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Hideyuki Hori, Ryou Horikawa, Koichi Hashimoto


Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods: 2013 | PG-13 | 85 min | 6.787 rating
The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu, which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber, Beerus, the God of Destruction is visited by Whis, his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku, who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge, Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus, but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves, but his eerie remark of "Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Koichi Yamadera, Masakazu Morita, Ryou Horikawa, Hiromi Tsuru


Project Wolf Hunting: 2022 |  | 122 min | 6.391 rating
While under heavily armed guard, the dangerous convicts aboard a cargo ship unite in a coordinated escape attempt that soon escalates into a bloody, all-out riot. But as the fugitives continue their brutal campaign of terror, they soon discover that not even the most vicious among them is safe from the horror they unknowingly unleashed from the darkness below deck.
Cast: Seo In-guk, Jang Dong-yoon, Park Ho-san, Jeong So-min, Ko Chang-seok


What Happened to Monday: 2017 | R | 123 min | 7.169 rating
In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own.
Cast: Noomi Rapace, Glenn Close, Willem Dafoe, Marwan Kenzari, Christian Rubeck


Must Love Christmas: 2022 |  | 85 min | 5.7 rating
A renowned romance novelist famous becomes involved in a love triangle between her childhood crush and a reporter.
Cast: Neal Bledsoe, Liza Lapira, Nathan Witte, Ian Collins, Simone Bailly


Spiral: From the Book of Saw: 2021 | R | 93 min | 5.998 rating
Working in the shadow of an esteemed police veteran, brash Detective Ezekiel “Zeke” Banks and his rookie partner take charge of a grisly investigation into murders that are eerily reminiscent of the city’s gruesome past.  Unwittingly entrapped in a deepening mystery, Zeke finds himself at the center of the killer’s morbid game.
Cast: Chris Rock, Samuel L. Jackson, Max Minghella, Marisol Nichols, Dan Petronijevic


Love & Passion: 1987 | NR | 98 min | 5.5 rating
After the renewed flings with their former lovers prove to be disastrously unlike the romantic memories, an unfaithful couple returns to each other.
Cast: Nicola Warren, Francesca Dellera, Andy J. Forest, Luigi Laezza, Vittorio Caprioli


Maid in Sweden: 1971 | R | 80 min | 4.4 rating
Schoolgirl Inga goes to visit her sister in Stockholm and is shocked to find her living with her boyfriend, Casten.
Cast: Christina Lindberg, Monica Ekman, Krister Ekman, Leif Naeslund, Per-Axel Arosenius


The Forever Purge: 2021 | R | 103 min | 7.009 rating
All the rules are broken as a sect of lawless marauders decides that the annual Purge does not stop at daybreak and instead should never end as they chase a group of immigrants who they want to punish because of their harsh historical past.
Cast: Ana de la Reguera, Josh Lucas, Willow Beuoy, Leven Rambin, Will Patton


The Karate Kid: 2010 | PG | 140 min | 6.532 rating
Twelve-year-old Dre Parker could have been the most popular kid in Detroit, but his mother's latest career move has landed him in China. Dre immediately falls for his classmate Mei Ying but the cultural differences make such a friendship impossible. Even worse, Dre's feelings make him an enemy of the class bully, Cheng. With no friends in a strange land, Dre has nowhere to turn but maintenance man Mr. Han, who is a kung fu master. As Han teaches Dre that kung fu is not about punches and parries, but maturity and calm, Dre realizes that facing down the bullies will be the fight of his life.
Cast: Jaden Smith, Jackie Chan, Taraji P. Henson, Wenwen Han, Yu Rongguang


How to Train Your Dragon: Homecoming: 2019 | PG | 22 min | 8.073 rating
It's been ten years since the dragons moved to the Hidden World, and even though Toothless doesn't live in New Berk anymore, Hiccup continues the holiday traditions he once shared with his best friend. But the Vikings of New Berk were beginning to forget about their friendship with dragons. Hiccup, Astrid, and Gobber know just what to do to keep the dragons in the villagers' hearts. And across the sea, the dragons have a plan of their own...
Cast: Jay Baruchel, America Ferrera, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse


The Boss Baby: Christmas Bonus: 2022 | PG | 47 min | 6.784 rating
Christmas Eve takes a twisty turn when the Boss Baby accidentally swaps places with one of Santa's elves and gets stranded at the North Pole.
Cast: JP Karliak, Pierce Gagnon, Amaryllis Aubel, Jodi Benson, Alex Cazares


Sealed with a List: 2023 | G | 84 min | 0 rating
Carley is determined to get through her list of abandoned resolutions from last year and enlists the help of coworker Wyatt.
Cast: Katie Findlay, Evan Roderick, Daylin Willis, Madonna Gonzalez, Jai Braithwaite


Ghost in the Shell: 1995 | R | 82 min | 7.93 rating
In the year 2029, the barriers of our world have been broken down by the net and by cybernetics, but this brings new vulnerability to humans in the form of brain-hacking. When a highly-wanted hacker known as 'The Puppetmaster' begins involving them in politics, Section 9, a group of cybernetically enhanced cops, are called in to investigate and stop the Puppetmaster.
Cast: Atsuko Tanaka, Akio Otsuka, Iemasa Kayumi, Koichi Yamadera, Yutaka Nakano


The Black Demon: 2023 | R | 101 min | 6.177 rating
Oilman Paul Sturges' idyllic family vacation turns into a nightmare when they encounter a ferocious megalodon shark that will stop at nothing to protect its territory. Stranded and under constant attack, Paul and his family must somehow find a way to get his family back to shore alive before it strikes again in this epic battle between humans and nature.
Cast: Josh Lucas, Fernanda Urrejola, Julio Cedillo, Venus Ariel, Carlos Solórzano


Extraction: 2020 | R | 116 min | 7.349 rating
Tyler Rake, a fearless mercenary who offers his services on the black market, embarks on a dangerous mission when he is hired to rescue the kidnapped son of a Mumbai crime lord.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Rudhraksh Jaiswal, Randeep Hooda, Golshifteh Farahani, Pankaj Tripathi


Megamind: 2010 | PG | 96 min | 6.967 rating
After Megamind, a highly intelligent alien supervillain, defeats his long-time nemesis Metro Man, Megamind creates a new hero to fight, but must act to save the city when his "creation" becomes an even worse villain than he was.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Tina Fey, Jonah Hill, Brad Pitt, David Cross


Freeheld: 2015 | PG-13 | 103 min | 7.29 rating
New Jersey car mechanic Stacie Andree and her police detective girlfriend Laurel Hester both battle to secure Hester's pension benefits after she was diagnosed with a terminal illness.
Cast: Julianne Moore, Elliot Page, Steve Carell, Michael Shannon, Luke Grimes


Angel Has Fallen: 2019 | R | 122 min | 6.578 rating
After a treacherous attack, Secret Service agent Mike Banning is charged with attempting to assassinate President Trumbull. Chased by his own colleagues and the FBI, Banning begins a race against the clock to clear his name.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Morgan Freeman, Jada Pinkett Smith, Nick Nolte, Danny Huston


Plane: 2023 | R | 107 min | 6.995 rating
After a heroic job of successfully landing his storm-damaged aircraft in a war zone, a fearless pilot finds himself between the agendas of multiple militias planning to take the plane and its passengers hostage.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Mike Colter, Tony Goldwyn, Yoson An, Evan Dane Taylor


First Blood: 1982 | R | 93 min | 7.484 rating
When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy, he is forced to flee into the mountains and wage an escalating one-man war against his pursuers.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Brian Dennehy, Bill McKinney, Jack Starrett


The Star: 2017 | PG | 86 min | 6.316 rating
A small but brave donkey and his animal friends become the unsung heroes of the greatest story ever told: the first Christmas.
Cast: Steven Yeun, Gina Rodriguez, Zachary Levi, Keegan-Michael Key, Kelly Clarkson


Kaguya-sama: Love Is War -The First Kiss That Never Ends-: 2022 | NR | 96 min | 7.92 rating
After pining for one another and plotting for so long, Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane finally have their climactic first kiss. However, they struggle to define their relationship. After all, how much of their true selves have they really shown to one another?
Cast: Makoto Furukawa, Aoi Koga, Konomi Kohara, Ryota Suzuki, Miyu Tomita


Home: 2015 | PG | 94 min | 6.8 rating
When Earth is taken over by the overly-confident Boov, an alien race in search of a new place to call home, all humans are promptly relocated, while all Boov get busy reorganizing the planet. But when one resourceful girl, Tip, manages to avoid capture, she finds herself the accidental accomplice of a banished Boov named Oh. The two fugitives realize there’s a lot more at stake than intergalactic relations as they embark on the road trip of a lifetime.
Cast: Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, Matt Jones


Bolt: 2008 | PG | 98 min | 6.502 rating
Bolt is the star of the biggest show in Hollywood. The only problem is, he thinks it's real. After he's accidentally shipped to New York City and separated from Penny, his beloved co-star and owner, Bolt must harness all his "super powers" to find a way home.
Cast: John Travolta, Miley Cyrus, Susie Essman, Mark Walton, Malcolm McDowell


Casper: 1995 | PG | 100 min | 6.312 rating
Casper is a kind young ghost who peacefully haunts a mansion in Maine. When specialist James Harvey arrives to communicate with Casper and his fellow spirits, he brings along his teenage daughter, Kat. Casper quickly falls in love with Kat, but their budding relationship is complicated not only by his transparent state, but also by his troublemaking apparition uncles and their mischievous antics.
Cast: Christina Ricci, Bill Pullman, Malachi Pearson, Cathy Moriarty, Eric Idle


G.I. Joe: Retaliation: 2013 | PG-13 | 110 min | 5.616 rating
Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I. Joe team is terminated by Presidential order. This forces the G.I. Joes into not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Bruce Willis, Jonathan Pryce, Adrianne Palicki, Ray Park


The Mummy: 1999 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.9 rating
Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, John Hannah, Arnold Vosloo, Patricia Velásquez


Greenland: 2020 | PG-13 | 120 min | 7.1 rating
John Garrity, his estranged wife and their young son embark on a perilous journey to find sanctuary as a planet-killing comet hurtles toward Earth. Amid terrifying accounts of cities getting levelled, the Garritys experience the best and worst in humanity. As the countdown to the global apocalypse approaches zero, their incredible trek culminates in a desperate and last-minute flight to a possible safe haven.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Morena Baccarin, David Denman, Hope Davis, Roger Dale Floyd


Scary Movie 4: 2006 | PG-13 | 83 min | 5.481 rating
Cindy finds out the house she lives in is haunted by a little boy and goes on a quest to find out who killed him and why. Also, Alien "Tr-iPods" are invading the world and she has to uncover the secret in order to stop them.
Cast: Anna Faris, Regina Hall, Craig Bierko, Bill Pullman, Anthony Anderson


Jack Reacher: Never Go Back: 2016 | PG-13 | 118 min | 5.96 rating
When Major Susan Turner is arrested for treason, ex-investigator Jack Reacher undertakes the challenging task to prove her innocence and ends up exposing a shocking conspiracy.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Cobie Smulders, Danika Yarosh, Aldis Hodge, Patrick Heusinger


The Jungle Book: 2016 | PG | 106 min | 6.861 rating
A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo.
Cast: Neel Sethi, Bill Murray, Ben Kingsley, Idris Elba, Scarlett Johansson


American Horror House: 2012 |  | 85 min | 6.1 rating
On Halloween night, a sorority house is overrun with ghosts, while a vengeful housemother goes on a killing spree.
Cast: Alessandra Torresani, Morgan Fairchild, Salina Duplessis, Jackie Tuttle, Carol Jean Wells


Please Don't Destroy: The Treasure of Foggy Mountain: 2023 | R | 92 min | 6.5 rating
When three friends who live together realize that they don't like their life trajectory, they set off to find a gold treasure that is rumored to be buried in the nearby mountain.
Cast: Martin Herlihy, John Higgins, Ben Marshall, Conan O'Brien, Bowen Yang


The House: 2022 | R | 97 min | 7.032 rating
Across different eras, a poor family, an anxious developer and a fed-up landlady become tied to the same mysterious house in this animated dark comedy.
Cast: Mia Goth, Matthew Goode, Claudie Blakley, Eleanor De Swaef-Roels, Mark Heap


Ben-Hur: 1959 | G | 222 min | 7.873 rating
In 25 AD, Judah Ben-Hur, a Jew in ancient Judea, opposes the occupying Roman empire.  Falsely accused by a Roman childhood friend-turned-overlord of trying to kill the Roman governor, he is put into slavery and his mother and sister are taken away as prisoners.
Cast: Charlton Heston, Jack Hawkins, Haya Harareet, Stephen Boyd, Martha Scott


The Legend of the Spirits: 2023 | NR | 89 min | 8.4 rating
Five years after giving up his powers and separating from his friends, Leo San Juan has started a new life trying to focus on his family and their bakery, staying away from danger and adventures. However, Leo knows that his plans are rarely fulfilled and this time is no exception: while traveling with Nando to Veracruz, things start to get weird, and from the depths of the Tuxtlas jungle, an ancient curse has returned and only Leo can face it.
Cast: Benny Emmanuel, Emilio Treviño, Jorge Rafael, Mayté Cordero, Annie Rojas


Rio 2: 2014 | G | 101 min | 6.502 rating
It's a jungle out there for Blu, Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in, he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel, and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Anne Hathaway, Will.i.am, Jamie Foxx, Leslie Mann


The American Society of Magical Negroes: 2024 |  | 104 min | 0 rating
Aren is an idealistic young black man who’s recruited by veteran agent Roger into the American Society of Magical Negroes. Aren finds that working for the Society, an ancient, secret, and magical organization dedicated to making white people’s lives easier, is the most challenging and unexpected journey of his life.
Cast: Justice Smith, David Alan Grier, An Li Bogan, Drew Tarver, Michaela Watkins


ZOMBI-Thon with Big City Greens: 2022 |  | 22 min | 8 rating
The Green Family gathers together to celebrate the trilogy of ZOMBIES movie musicals with a new ZOMBIES-themed variety special. The show takes a turn when Gramma tricks ZOMBIES stars Milo Manheim and Meg Donnelly into celebrating with them!
Cast: Chris Houghton, Artemis Pebdani, Marieve Herington, Bob Joles, Milo Manheim


Sausage Party: 2016 | R | 89 min | 5.741 rating
Hot dog Frank leads a group of supermarket products on a quest to discover the truth about their existence and what really happens when they become chosen to leave the grocery store.
Cast: Seth Rogen, Kristen Wiig, Jonah Hill, Bill Hader, Michael Cera


xXx: State of the Union: 2005 | PG-13 | 101 min | 5.022 rating
Darius Stone's criminal record and extreme sports obsession make him the perfect candidate to be the newest XXX agent. He must save the U.S. government from a deadly conspiracy led by five-star general and Secretary of Defense George Deckert.
Cast: Ice Cube, Samuel L. Jackson, Willem Dafoe, Scott Speedman, Peter Strauss


The Black Book: 2023 | R | 124 min | 6.81 rating
After his son is wrongly accused of kidnapping, a deacon who has just lost his wife takes matters into his own hands and fights a crooked police gang to clear him.
Cast: Richard Mofe-Damijo, Ade Laoye, Sam Dede, Alex Usifo Omiagbo, Shaffy Bello


Oscenità: 1980 | NR | 84 min | 7.3 rating

Cast: Isarco Ravaioli, Mirella Rossi, Dino Strano, Brad Euston, Franca Grey


Sex Tape: 2014 | R | 97 min | 5.412 rating
When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense – but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide – why not? – to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea – until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they’re just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, Rob Corddry, Ellie Kemper, Rob Lowe


Space Jam: A New Legacy: 2021 | PG | 115 min | 6.807 rating
When LeBron and his young son Dom are trapped in a digital space by a rogue A.I., LeBron must get them home safe by leading Bugs, Lola Bunny and the whole gang of notoriously undisciplined Looney Tunes to victory over the A.I.'s digitized champions on the court. It's Tunes versus Goons in the highest-stakes challenge of his life.
Cast: LeBron James, Don Cheadle, Cedric Joe, Jeff Bergman, Gabriel Iglesias


Coming 2 America: 2021 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.5 rating
Prince Akeem Joffer is set to become King of Zamunda when he discovers he has a son he never knew about in America – a street savvy Queens native named Lavelle. Honoring his royal father's dying wish to groom this son as the crown prince, Akeem and Semmi set off to America once again.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Arsenio Hall, Jermaine Fowler, Leslie Jones, Tracy Morgan


Deadpool 3: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Third entry in the "Deadpool" franchise. Plot TBA.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackman, Morena Baccarin, Emma Corrin, Matthew Macfadyen


Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa: 2008 | PG | 89 min | 6.495 rating
Alex, Marty, and other zoo animals find a way to escape from Madagascar when the penguins reassemble a wrecked airplane. The precariously repaired craft stays airborne just long enough to make it to the African continent. There the New Yorkers encounter members of their own species for the first time. Africa proves to be a wild place, but Alex and company wonder if it is better than their Central Park home.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Sacha Baron Cohen


In the Land of Saints and Sinners: 2023 | NR | 106 min | 6.6 rating
In a remote Irish village, a damaged Finbar is forced to fight for redemption after a lifetime of sins, but what price is he willing to pay? In the land of saints and sinners, some sins can't be buried.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Ciarán Hinds, Kerry Condon, Sarah Greene, Jack Gleeson


SPY x FAMILY CODE: White: 2023 | NR | 110 min | 0 rating
After receiving an order to be replaced in Operation Strix, Loid decides to help Anya win a cooking competition at Eden Academy by making the principal's favorite meal in order to prevent his replacement. The Forgers decide to travel to the region where the meal originates, but accidentally set off a chain of events which could put the world's peace at risk.
Cast: Takuya Eguchi, Atsumi Tanezaki, Saori Hayami, Kenichirou Matsuda, Tomoya Nakamura


Fighting Spirit - Mashiba vs. Kimura: 2003 | NR | 60 min | 6.6 rating
Kimura finally has his championship match. It takes place at the annual champion carnival. But now he must face the intense champion, Mashiba for the Junior Lightweight championship.
Cast: Keiji Fujiwara, Wataru Takagi, Masahiko Tanaka, Kohei Kiyasu, Rikiya Koyama


Ted: 2012 | R | 107 min | 6.412 rating
John Bennett, a man whose childhood wish of bringing his teddy bear to life came true, now must decide between keeping the relationship with the bear or his girlfriend, Lori.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Mila Kunis, Seth MacFarlane, Joel McHale, Giovanni Ribisi


Saw 3D: 2010 | R | 90 min | 5.995 rating
As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy, a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen, a man whose own dark secrets unleash a new wave of terror.
Cast: Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Betsy Russell, Cary Elwes, Sean Patrick Flanery


Godzilla: Final Wars: 2004 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.956 rating
Humanity finally rids themselves of Godzilla, imprisoning him in an icy tomb in the South Pole. All is peaceful until various monsters emerge to lay waste to Earth's cities. Overwhelmed, humanity is seemingly saved by a race of benevolent aliens known as Xiliens. But not all is what it seems with these bizarre visitors. If humanity wishes to survive, they must reluctantly resurrect their most hated enemy, Godzilla.
Cast: Masahiro Matsuoka, Rei Kikukawa, Don Frye, Maki Mizuno, Kazuki Kitamura


The Terminator: 1984 | R | 108 min | 7.649 rating
In the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the "Terminator" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile, the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine?
Cast: Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Lance Henriksen, Paul Winfield


Hunter Killer: 2018 | R | 121 min | 6.9 rating
Captain Glass of the USS Arkansas discovers that a coup d'état is taking place in Russia, so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Gary Oldman, Toby Stephens, Common, Linda Cardellini


The Gentlemen: 2019 | R | 113 min | 7.68 rating
American expat Mickey Pearson has built a highly profitable marijuana empire in London. When word gets out that he’s looking to cash out of the business forever it triggers plots, schemes, bribery and blackmail in an attempt to steal his domain out from under him.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Charlie Hunnam, Henry Golding, Michelle Dockery, Jeremy Strong


Blade: 1998 | R | 121 min | 6.8 rating
The Daywalker known as "Blade" - a half-vampire, half-mortal man - becomes the protector of humanity against an underground army of vampires.
Cast: Wesley Snipes, Stephen Dorff, Kris Kristofferson, N'Bushe Wright, Donal Logue


The Secret Life of Pets 2: 2019 | PG | 86 min | 6.966 rating
Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside, nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows, hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max, he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster, a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses.
Cast: Patton Oswalt, Kevin Hart, Eric Stonestreet, Jenny Slate, Tiffany Haddish


Barbie as The Princess & the Pauper: 2004 | G | 85 min | 7.475 rating
In her first animated musical featuring seven original songs, Barbie comes to life in this modern re-telling of a classic tale of mistaken identity and the power of friendship. Based on the story by Mark Twain.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Melissa Lyons, Julie Stevens, Mark Hildreth, Mark Luna


Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You!: 2017 |  | 98 min | 7 rating
Ash Ketchum wakes up late one morning after having broken his alarm clock in his sleep. He eventually makes it to Professor Oak's lab, but is told that the three starter List of Pokémon (Bulbasaur, Squirtle, and Charmander) have already been taken by Trainers who were on time. However, Oak reveals that he has one more Pokémon, an Electric-type named Pikachu. Despite its volatile and feisty personality, as well as its refusal to get inside a Poké Ball, Ash happily takes Pikachu for his journey.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Megumi Hayashibara, Shin-ichiro Miki, Inuko Inuyama


Balkan Line: 2019 | R | 130 min | 7.616 rating
After the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia in 1999, the Yugoslav army pulls out of Kosovo region, leaving Serbian people at the mercy of the Albanian UCK. A small band of soldiers must take over the Slatina airport, and hold it until the Russian peacekeepers arrive.
Cast: Anton Pampushnyy, Gosha Kutsenko, Miloš Biković, Milena Radulović, Gojko Mitić


Enemy at the Gates: 2001 | R | 131 min | 7.4 rating
A Russian and a German sniper play a game of cat-and-mouse during the Battle of Stalingrad in WWII.
Cast: Jude Law, Joseph Fiennes, Rachel Weisz, Ed Harris, Bob Hoskins


F9: 2021 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.129 rating
Dominic Toretto and his crew battle the most skilled assassin and high-performance driver they've ever encountered: his forsaken brother.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, John Cena


Sky High: 2005 | PG | 100 min | 6.244 rating
Set in a world where superheroes are commonly known and accepted, young Will Stronghold, the son of the Commander and Jetstream, tries to find a balance between being a normal teenager and an extraordinary being.
Cast: Michael Angarano, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Kurt Russell, Kelly Preston, Danielle Panabaker


What the Peeper Saw: 1972 | R | 89 min | 5.8 rating
A wealthy author's second wife begins to suspect that her 12-year old stepson may have murdered his mother, who mysteriously died in a bathtub accident.
Cast: Mark Lester, Britt Ekland, Hardy Krüger, Lilli Palmer, Harry Andrews


A Merry Christmas Wish: 2022 | G | 85 min | 6.091 rating
Janie, a rising marketing executive living in The Big Apple, returns to her hometown of Woodland Falls when her Great-Uncle Randall passes away. Randall has even arranged for his farmhand, Dylan to help at the event, which is being held in the farm’s sprawling barn. Aware that her Manhattan boyfriend is anxious for her to return to the city so the pair can jet off to a previously planned holiday on the beach, Janie begins to feel an unexpected emotional tug about living life in a more authentic, meaningful way.
Cast: Jill Wagner, Cameron Mathison, Neil Whitely, Morgan David Jones, Deanna Jarvis


Descendants: 2015 | G | 112 min | 7.1 rating
A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of King Adam and Queen Belle offers a chance of redemption for the troublemaking offspring of Disney's classic villains: Cruella De Vil (Carlos), Maleficent (Mal), the Evil Queen (Evie) and Jafar (Jay).
Cast: Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce, Booboo Stewart, Sofia Carson, Mitchell Hope


Peter Pan & Wendy: 2023 | PG | 106 min | 5.629 rating
Wendy Darling, a young girl afraid to leave her childhood home behind, meets Peter Pan, a boy who refuses to grow up. Alongside her brothers and a tiny fairy, Tinker Bell, she travels with Peter to the magical world of Neverland. There, she encounters an evil pirate captain, Captain Hook, and embarks on a thrilling adventure that will change her life forever.
Cast: Alexander Molony, Ever Anderson, Jude Law, Alyssa Wapanatâhk, Jim Gaffigan


Finding Steve McQueen: 2019 | R | 91 min | 6.3 rating
In 1972, a gang of close-knit thieves from Youngstown, Ohio attempt to steal $30 million in illegal contributions. Based on the true story of the biggest bank heist in US history.
Cast: Travis Fimmel, Forest Whitaker, Rachael Taylor, William Fichtner, Lily Rabe


Summer 1941: 2022 | NR | 112 min | 6.882 rating
Beginning of the Great Patriotic War. Lieutenant Adi Sharipov, together with his platoon, cover the retreat of the regimental headquarters and remain surrounded, behind enemy lines. The enemy drives the squad into the swamp. Fear of the unknown, despondency and doubt haunt the fighters until they realize that waiting and inaction will destroy the squad faster than enemy bullets.
Cast: Azamat Nigmanov, Andrey Olefirenko, Sharifbek Zakirov, Alikhan Lepesbaev, Andrey Senkin


The Hangover Part III: 2013 | R | 100 min | 6.21 rating
This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong, right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road, all bets are off.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, Ken Jeong


War for the Planet of the Apes: 2017 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.166 rating
Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet.
Cast: Andy Serkis, Woody Harrelson, Steve Zahn, Karin Konoval, Amiah Miller


RoboCop: 2014 | PG-13 | 118 min | 5.9 rating
In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology.  Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years, but have been forbidden for law enforcement in America.  Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it.  When Alex Murphy – a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit – is critically injured, OmniCorp sees their chance to build a part-man, part-robot police officer.  OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine.
Cast: Joel Kinnaman, Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton, Abbie Cornish, Jackie Earle Haley


Ant-Man: 2015 | PG-13 | 117 min | 7.081 rating
Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor, Doctor Hank Pym, protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.
Cast: Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Evangeline Lilly, Bobby Cannavale, Corey Stoll


Saint Seiya: Evil Goddess Eris: 1987 | NR | 46 min | 7 rating
When Seiya, Hyōga and Shun visit Saori (Athena) at the orphanage, they meet an employee called Eri. An orphan herself, Eri takes a liking to Hyōga and one night they sit outside watching the stars. They see a shooting star and Hyōga asks Eri to make a wish. After Hyōga leaves, however, Eri becomes powerfully attracted to the shooting star and wanders alone into the woods, where she finds a golden apple. She is then possessed by Eris, the Goddess of Discord, and kidnaps Athena, planning to use the golden apple to suck her energy out, fully reincarnate and take over the world. Eris leaves a message for the Bronze Saints, who set out for the goddess's temple which appears on the mountains. There, the heroes fight the five Ghost Saints: Maya of Sagitta, Orpheus of Lyra, Christ of the Southern Cross, Jan of Scutum (called by the Japanese name Tateza) and Jäger of Orion.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Hideyuki Hori, Ryou Horikawa, Koichi Hashimoto


Blended: 2014 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.868 rating
After a divorced mom and widowed dad have a disastrous blind date and part ways, they unknowingly end up having to share the same romantic suite at an African resort for families during spring break.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Drew Barrymore, Kevin Nealon, Terry Crews, Wendi McLendon-Covey


Face/Off: 1997 | R | 138 min | 7.022 rating
In order to foil a terrorist plot, an FBI agent undergoes facial transplant surgery and assumes the identity of a criminal mastermind. The plan turns sour when the criminal wakes up prematurely and seeks revenge.
Cast: John Travolta, Nicolas Cage, Joan Allen, Alessandro Nivola, Gina Gershon


American Reunion: 2012 | R | 113 min | 6.287 rating
The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn’t, and that time and distance can’t break the bonds of friendship.
Cast: Jason Biggs, Alyson Hannigan, Seann William Scott, Chris Klein, Thomas Ian Nicholas


Red, White & Royal Blue: 2023 | R | 121 min | 8.095 rating
After an altercation between Alex, the president's son, and Britain's Prince Henry at a royal event becomes tabloid fodder, their long-running feud now threatens to drive a wedge in U.S./British relations. When the rivals are forced into a staged truce, their icy relationship begins to thaw and the friction between them sparks something deeper than they ever expected.
Cast: Taylor Zakhar Perez, Nicholas Galitzine, Uma Thurman, Clifton Collins Jr., Rachel Hilson


The Magic Flute: 2022 | NR | 125 min | 6.429 rating
A seventeen year old travels from London to the Austrian Alps to attend the legendary Mozart boarding school. There, he discovers a centuries-old forgotten passageway into the fantastic world of Mozart's "The Magic Flute".
Cast: Jack Wolfe, F. Murray Abraham, Iwan Rheon, Jeanne Goursaud, Amir Wilson


Welcome al Norte: 2023 | NR | 100 min | 8.409 rating
Polito is the manager of a courier and parcel branch in Yucatán, who seeks to fulfill his dream of receiving a promotion and having a place in Cancun to move in with his wife Teo and son. Pressured by his wife, he will be willing to do anything to get it and he plans a strategy where he will achieve his transfer but a little further north: Tijuana.
Cast: Silverio Palacios, Ricardo Abarca, Isabel Burr, Héctor Jiménez, Paco Rueda


Pitch Perfect 2: 2015 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.9 rating
The Bellas are back, and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America, the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name, and regain their status, the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task, they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip, the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Brittany Snow, Rebel Wilson, Hailee Steinfeld, Skylar Astin


The Harbinger: 2023 |  | 87 min | 10 rating
Monique leaves her family quarantine to help a friend who’s suffering from terrible nightmares - but she learns too late that the bad dreams are contagious, along with the demon behind them.
Cast: Gabby Beans, Emily Davis, Stephanie Roth Haberle, Raymond Anthony Thomas, Laura Heisler


EXmas: 2023 | PG-13 | 93 min | 6.8 rating
When Graham decides to surprise his family by traveling home for Christmas, he is shocked to discover them already celebrating with an unexpected guest of honor, his ex-fiancée, Ali. The two exes battle it out to see who the family will pick to stay through Christmas Day and who must go.
Cast: Leighton Meester, Robbie Amell, Michael Hitchcock, Kathryn Greenwood, Veronika Slowikowska


The Purge: 2013 | R | 86 min | 6.26 rating
Given the country's overcrowded prisons, the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls, a family must protect themselves from a home invasion.
Cast: Ethan Hawke, Lena Headey, Max Burkholder, Adelaide Kane, Edwin Hodge


Lord of War: 2005 | R | 122 min | 7.295 rating
Yuri Orlov is a globetrotting arms dealer and, through some of the deadliest war zones, he struggles to stay one step ahead of a relentless Interpol agent, his business rivals and even some of his customers who include many of the world's most notorious dictators. Finally, he must also face his own conscience.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Bridget Moynahan, Jared Leto, Ethan Hawke, Eamonn Walker


American Wedding: 2003 | R | 103 min | 6.207 rating
With high school a distant memory, Jim and Michelle are getting married — and in a hurry, since Jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see him walk down the aisle — prompting Stifler to throw the ultimate bachelor party. And Jim's dad is reliable as ever, doling out advice no one wants to hear.
Cast: Jason Biggs, Alyson Hannigan, Seann William Scott, Eddie Kaye Thomas, Thomas Ian Nicholas


Chicken Little: 2005 | G | 81 min | 5.885 rating
When the sky really is falling and sanity has flown the coop, who will rise to save the day? Together with his hysterical band of misfit friends, Chicken Little must hatch a plan to save the planet from alien invasion and prove that the world's biggest hero is a little chicken.
Cast: Zach Braff, Garry Marshall, Don Knotts, Amy Sedaris, Steve Zahn


Jaws: 1975 | PG | 124 min | 7.662 rating
When an insatiable great white shark terrorizes the townspeople of Amity Island, the police chief, an oceanographer and a grizzled shark hunter seek to destroy the blood-thirsty beast.
Cast: Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss, Murray Hamilton, Lorraine Gary


Rambo III: 1988 | R | 102 min | 6.2 rating
Combat has taken its toll on Rambo, but he's finally begun to find inner peace in a monastery. When Rambo's friend and mentor Col. Trautman asks for his help on a top secret mission to Afghanistan, Rambo declines but must reconsider when Trautman is captured.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Marc de Jonge, Kurtwood Smith, Spiros Focás


The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar: 2023 | PG | 40 min | 7.291 rating
A rich man learns about a guru who can see without using his eyes. He sets out to master the skill in order to cheat at gambling.
Cast: Ralph Fiennes, Benedict Cumberbatch, Dev Patel, Ben Kingsley, Richard Ayoade


A Whisker Away: 2020 | PG | 104 min | 7.905 rating
A peculiar girl transforms into a cat to catch her crush's attention. But before she realizes it, the line between human and animal starts to blur.
Cast: Mirai Shida, Natsuki Hanae, Koichi Yamadera, Hiroaki Ogi, Minako Kotobuki


The Exorcism of God: 2022 | R | 98 min | 7.128 rating
An American priest working in Mexico is considered a saint by many local parishioners. However, due to a botched exorcism, he carries a secret that’s eating him alive until he gets an opportunity to face his demon one final time.
Cast: Will Beinbrink, María Gabriela de Faría, Irán Castillo, Joseph Marcell, Hector Kotsifakis


Tom & Jerry: 2021 | PG | 101 min | 6.839 rating
Tom the cat and Jerry the mouse get kicked out of their home and relocate to a fancy New York hotel, where a scrappy employee named Kayla will lose her job if she can’t evict Jerry before a high-class wedding at the hotel. Her solution? Hiring Tom to get rid of the pesky mouse.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Michael Peña, Colin Jost, Rob Delaney, Ken Jeong


Desperation Road: 2023 | R | 112 min | 7 rating
Ex-con Russell Gaines is attempting to rebuild his life with the help of his father, Mitchell. However, the arrival of Maben sends his new life into chaos, leading the pair to go on the run - as their violent pasts catch up to them, the pair must learn to trust each other if they hope to live out the rest of their days.
Cast: Garrett Hedlund, Mel Gibson, Ryan Hurst, Willa Fitzgerald, Ella Thomas


Love & Other Drugs: 2010 | R | 112 min | 7.044 rating
Maggie is an alluring free spirit who won't let anyone – or anything – tie her down. But she meets her match in Jamie, whose relentless and nearly infallible charm serves him well with the ladies and the cutthroat world of pharmaceutical sales. Maggie and Jamie's evolving relationship takes them both by surprise, as they find themselves under the influence of the ultimate drug: love.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Anne Hathaway, Oliver Platt, Hank Azaria, Josh Gad


2001: A Space Odyssey: 1968 | G | 149 min | 8.1 rating
Humanity finds a mysterious object buried beneath the lunar surface and sets off to find its origins with the help of HAL 9000, the world's most advanced super computer.
Cast: Keir Dullea, Gary Lockwood, William Sylvester, Douglas Rain, Daniel Richter


Point Break: 1991 | R | 122 min | 7.142 rating
In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers who call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. Believing that the members of the gang could be surfers, the F.B.I. sends young agent Johnny Utah to the beach undercover to mix with the surfers and gather information.
Cast: Patrick Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Gary Busey, Lori Petty, John C. McGinley


The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas: 2008 | PG-13 | 94 min | 7.85 rating
When his family moves from their home in Berlin to a strange new house in Poland, young Bruno befriends Shmuel, a boy who lives on the other side of the fence where everyone seems to be wearing striped pajamas. Unaware of Shmuel's fate as a Jewish prisoner or the role his own Nazi father plays in his imprisonment, Bruno embarks on a dangerous journey inside the camp's walls.
Cast: Asa Butterfield, Jack Scanlon, Vera Farmiga, David Thewlis, Rupert Friend


Men in Black II: 2002 | PG-13 | 88 min | 6.362 rating
Kay and Jay reunite to provide our best, last and only line of defense against a sinister seductress who levels the toughest challenge yet to the MIB's untarnished mission statement – protecting Earth from the scum of the universe. It's been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions. Now it's a race against the clock as Jay must convince Kay – who not only has absolutely no memory of his time spent with the MIB, but is also the only living person left with the expertise to save the galaxy – to reunite with the MIB before the earth submits to ultimate destruction.
Cast: Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Lara Flynn Boyle, Rosario Dawson, Johnny Knoxville


Barbie in the Nutcracker: 2001 | G | 77 min | 6.828 rating
"Barbie" stars as Clara in this animated retelling of the classic Christmas ballet, complete with Tchaikovsky soundtrack and ballet choreography.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Kirby Morrow, Tim Curry, Peter Kelamis, Christopher Gaze


Slotherhouse: 2023 | PG-13 | 93 min | 4.5 rating
Wanting to have a killer year, sorority sister Emily Young realizes she might just be the best option for her sorority. While beginning her campaign, she finds an adorable sloth that steals her heart and soon realizes she just might steal the hearts, and votes, of her sorority sisters. But when bodies slowly begin to pile up in the Sigma Lambda Theta house, Emily and her sorority sisters realize the deaths are being caused by their new house mascot, the cuddly sloth Alpha. Will Emily and her sisters escape the house with their lives? Or is this death-sloth with three razor sharp claws too quick for them?
Cast: Lisa Ambalavanar, Sydney Craven, Andrew Horton, Bianca Beckles-Rose, Olivia Rouyre


The Mother: 2023 | R | 115 min | 6.732 rating
A deadly female assassin comes out of hiding to protect the daughter that she gave up years before, while on the run from dangerous men.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Lucy Paez, Omari Hardwick, Joseph Fiennes, Gael García Bernal


Platoon: 1986 |  | 120 min | 7.746 rating
As a young and naive recruit in Vietnam, Chris Taylor faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man.
Cast: Charlie Sheen, Willem Dafoe, Tom Berenger, Kevin Dillon, Forest Whitaker


Through My Window: Across the Sea: 2023 | R | 110 min | 6.545 rating
After a year of long-distance, Raquel and Ares reunite on a steamy beach trip. Faced with fresh flirtations and insecurities, will their love prevail?
Cast: Clara Galle, Julio Peña, Guillermo Lasheras, Natalia Azahara, Hugo Arbues


Paddington: 2014 | PG | 96 min | 7.1 rating
A young Peruvian bear travels to London in search of a new home. Finding himself lost and alone at Paddington Station, he meets the kindly Brown family.
Cast: Ben Whishaw, Hugh Bonneville, Sally Hawkins, Madeleine Harris, Samuel Joslin


Kiki's Delivery Service: 1989 | G | 103 min | 7.815 rating
A young witch, on her mandatory year of independent life, finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service.
Cast: Minami Takayama, Rei Sakuma, Kappei Yamaguchi, Keiko Toda, Mieko Nobusawa


7 Days in Entebbe: 2018 | PG-13 | 107 min | 5.8 rating
In 1976, four hijackers take over an Air France airplane en route from Tel Aviv to Paris and force it to land in Entebbe, Uganda. With 248 passengers on board, one of the most daring rescue missions ever is set in motion.
Cast: Rosamund Pike, Daniel Brühl, Eddie Marsan, Lior Ashkenazi, Nonso Anozie


Antlers: 2021 | R | 99 min | 6.272 rating
A small-town Oregon teacher and her brother, the local sheriff, discover a young student is harbouring a dangerous secret that could have frightening consequences.
Cast: Keri Russell, Jesse Plemons, Jeremy Thomas, Graham Greene, Scott Haze


Carrie: 1976 | R | 98 min | 7.294 rating
In this chilling adaptation of Stephen King's horror novel, withdrawn and sensitive teen Carrie White faces taunting from classmates at school and abuse from her fanatically pious mother at home. When strange occurrences start happening around Carrie, she begins to suspect that she has supernatural powers. Invited to the prom by the empathetic Tommy Ross, Carrie tries to let her guard down, but things eventually take a dark and violent turn.
Cast: Sissy Spacek, Piper Laurie, Amy Irving, William Katt, John Travolta


Darkland: The Return: 2023 | NR | 110 min | 6.519 rating
Seven years ago, Zaid went to war against the Copenhagen underworld to avenge his dead brother. His identity as a respected doctor of cardiology and life as a family man is but a fading dream, and in prison Zaid suffers the loss of his son Noah, whom he barely knows. When a police agent approaches Zaid and offers him a deal to be released in exchange for infiltrating the Copenhagen underworld, he sees his chance to reclaim the remnants of the family life he left behind. But everything has a price, and Zaid realizes that he has now seriously endangered his son's life. After all, once you become part of the underworld, is there any way out?
Cast: Dar Salim, Birgitte Hjort Sørensen, Stine Fischer Christensen, Henrik Vestergaard, Soheil Bavi


The Prestige: 2006 | PG-13 | 130 min | 8.2 rating
A mysterious story of two magicians whose intense rivalry leads them on a life-long battle for supremacy -- full of obsession, deceit and jealousy with dangerous and deadly consequences.
Cast: Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Michael Caine, Scarlett Johansson, Rebecca Hall


Scary Movie 5: 2013 | PG-13 | 86 min | 4.81 rating
Home with their newly-formed family, happy parents Dan and Jody are haunted by sinister, paranormal activities. Determined to expel the insidious force, they install security cameras and discover their family is being stalked by an evil dead demon.
Cast: Ashley Tisdale, Simon Rex, Gracie Whitton, Ava Kolker, Heather Locklear


Bumblebee: 2018 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.729 rating
On the run in the year 1987, Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie, on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken.  When Charlie revives him, she quickly learns this is no ordinary yellow VW bug.
Cast: Hailee Steinfeld, John Cena, Jorge Lendeborg Jr., John Ortiz, Jason Ian Drucker


The Notebook: 2004 | PG-13 | 123 min | 7.884 rating
An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths.
Cast: Rachel McAdams, Ryan Gosling, Gena Rowlands, James Garner, Sam Shepard


Teen Titans Go! To the Movies: 2018 | PG | 84 min | 7.3 rating
All the major DC superheroes are starring in their own films, all but the Teen Titans, so Robin is determined to remedy this situation by getting over his role as a sidekick and becoming a movie star. Thus, with a few madcap ideas and an inspirational song in their hearts, the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams.
Cast: Greg Cipes, Scott Menville, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, Hynden Walch


Live Free or Die Hard: 2007 | PG-13 | 128 min | 6.612 rating
John McClane is back and badder than ever, and this time he's working for Homeland Security. He calls on the services of a young hacker in his bid to stop a ring of Internet terrorists intent on taking control of America's computer infrastructure.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Justin Long, Timothy Olyphant, Cliff Curtis, Maggie Q


Planet of the Apes: 2001 | PG-13 | 120 min | 5.734 rating
After a spectacular crash-landing on an uncharted planet, brash astronaut Leo Davidson finds himself trapped in a savage world where talking apes dominate the human race. Desperate to find a way home, Leo must evade the invincible gorilla army led by Ruthless General Thade.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Tim Roth, Helena Bonham Carter, Michael Clarke Duncan, Kris Kristofferson


La peor de mis bodas 3: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 4.667 rating
Salvador and Maricielo have just moved. When everything seems perfect, Leonor, Salvador's mother, will turn things upside down once again by introducing Bruno Díaz Conde, her boyfriend who is nearly twenty years younger than her.
Cast: Maricarmen Marín, Gabriel Soto, Laura Zapata, Ismael La Rosa, Carlos Casella


Last Looks: 2022 | R | 111 min | 5.908 rating
A disgraced ex-cop seeks solace by moving to the woods, but his quiet life comes to an end when a private eye recruits him to investigate the murder of an eccentric TV star's wife.
Cast: Charlie Hunnam, Mel Gibson, Morena Baccarin, Clancy Brown, Rupert Friend


Winnie the Pooh: Blood and Honey: 2023 | NR | 84 min | 5.256 rating
Christopher Robin is headed off to college and he has abandoned his old friends, Pooh and Piglet, which then leads to the duo embracing their inner monsters.
Cast: Nikolai Leon, Craig David Dowsett, Chris Cordell, Amber Doig-Thorne, Maria Taylor


Monster Hunter: 2020 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.637 rating
A portal transports Cpt. Artemis and an elite unit of soldiers to a strange world where powerful monsters rule with deadly ferocity. Faced with relentless danger, the team encounters a mysterious hunter who may be their only hope to find a way home.
Cast: Milla Jovovich, Tony Jaa, Ron Perlman, T.I., Diego Boneta


To All the Boys I've Loved Before: 2018 | PG-13 | 100 min | 7.637 rating
Lara Jean's love life goes from imaginary to out of control when her secret letters to every boy she's ever fallen for are mysteriously mailed out.
Cast: Lana Condor, Noah Centineo, Janel Parrish, Anna Cathcart, Andrew Bachelor


Rambo: 2008 | R | 92 min | 6.663 rating
In Thailand, ex-Green Beret John James Rambo joins a group of mercenaries to venture into war-torn neighboring Myanmar to rescue a group of Christian aid workers who have been kidnapped by a ruthless local infantry unit.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Julie Benz, Matthew Marsden, Graham McTavish, Reynaldo Gallegos


The Animatrix: 2003 | PG-13 | 102 min | 7.2 rating
Straight from the creators of the groundbreaking Matrix trilogy, this collection of short animated films from the world's leading anime directors fuses computer graphics and Japanese anime to provide the background of the Matrix universe and the conflict between man and machines. The shorts include Final Flight of the Osiris, The Second Renaissance, Kid's Story, Program, World Record, Beyond, A Detective Story and Matriculated.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Carrie-Anne Moss, Clayton Watson, Pamela Adlon, Melinda Clarke


Matilda: 1996 | PG | 98 min | 7.152 rating
An extraordinarily intelligent young girl from a cruel and uncaring family discovers she possesses telekinetic powers and is sent off to a school headed by a tyrannical principal.
Cast: Mara Wilson, Danny DeVito, Rhea Perlman, Embeth Davidtz, Pam Ferris


Inherent Vice: 2014 | R | 149 min | 6.6 rating
In Los Angeles at the turn of the 1970s, drug-fueled detective Larry "Doc" Sportello investigates the disappearance of an ex-girlfriend.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Josh Brolin, Owen Wilson, Katherine Waterston, Reese Witherspoon


Purple Hearts: 2022 | PG-13 | 122 min | 8.149 rating
An aspiring musician agrees to a marriage of convenience with a soon-to-deploy Marine, but a tragedy soon turns their fake relationship all too real.
Cast: Sofia Carson, Nicholas Galitzine, John Harlan Kim, Chosen Jacobs, Anthony Ippolito


Triple Frontier: 2019 | R | 125 min | 6.3 rating
Struggling to make ends meet, former special ops soldiers reunite for a high-stakes heist: stealing $75 million from a South American drug lord.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Oscar Isaac, Charlie Hunnam, Garrett Hedlund, Pedro Pascal


The Dark Knight Rises: 2012 | PG-13 | 165 min | 7.777 rating
Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later, Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane, a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy.
Cast: Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway, Tom Hardy


Cake: 2014 | R | 102 min | 6.3 rating
After having visions of a member of her support group who killed herself, a woman who also suffers with chronic pain seeks out the widower of the suicide.
Cast: Jennifer Aniston, Adriana Barraza, Anna Kendrick, Sam Worthington, Mamie Gummer


This Is Christmas: 2022 |  | 106 min | 6.326 rating
Follow Adam and Emma on their daily commute from the village of Langton to London, where they meet the same passengers every day. One morning, Adam breaks the unspoken taboo of talking to strangers on a train and invites the entire carriage to hold their own Christmas party together.
Cast: Alfred Enoch, Kaya Scodelario, Timothy Spall, Jack Donoghue, Steve Oram


Homefront: 2013 | R | 100 min | 6.962 rating
Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it cost the life of his boss' son. He is recently widowed and is left with a 9-years-old daughter, Maddy. He decides to quit the turbulent and demanding life of thrill for Maddy's sake and retires to a small town. His daughter fights off a boy who was bullying her at school and this sets in motion a round of events that end in his direct confrontation with the local Meth drug lord. His past history with the biker gang also enters the arena, making matters more complex. But he has a mission in his mind to protect his daughter and he is ready to pay any cost that it demands.
Cast: Jason Statham, James Franco, Izabela Vidovic, Winona Ryder, Rachelle Lefevre


Urkel Saves Santa: The Movie!: 2023 | PG | 86 min | 5.308 rating
The holiday season has arrived, and brilliant but accident-prone Steve Urkel has already ruined his local celebration by publicly humiliating a shopping mall Santa. In his attempt to make things right and score some nice points with the big guy in the North Pole, Steve creates an invention that only makes things worse. Using his big brain and even bigger heart, Steve must find the real Santa to see if together they can help the city rediscover the holiday spirit.
Cast: Jaleel White, Joel Kim Booster, Nicole Byer, Tiana Camacho, Arturo Castro


Meet Joe Black: 1998 | PG-13 | 178 min | 7.312 rating
When the grim reaper comes to collect the soul of megamogul Bill Parrish, he arrives with a proposition: Host him for a "vacation" among the living in trade for a few more days of existence. Parrish agrees, and using the pseudonym Joe Black, Death begins taking part in Parrish's daily agenda and falls in love with the man's daughter. Yet when Black's holiday is over, so is Parrish's life.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Claire Forlani, Jake Weber, Marcia Gay Harden


The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse: Steamboat Silly: 2023 | G | 9 min | 7.2 rating
Mickey Mouse and his friends must stop hundreds of old film reel versions of Mickey from wreaking havoc all over town.
Cast: Chris Diamantopoulos, Tony Anselmo, Jim Cummings, Bill Farmer, Tress MacNeille


Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical: 2022 | PG | 117 min | 6.757 rating
An extraordinary young girl discovers her superpower and summons the remarkable courage, against all odds, to help others change their stories, whilst also taking charge of her own destiny. Standing up for what's right, she's met with miraculous results.
Cast: Alisha Weir, Emma Thompson, Lashana Lynch, Stephen Graham, Andrea Riseborough


Love and Love Not: 2022 |  | 104 min | 4.8 rating
There are two places Nicky Leandro calls home each reinforcing a particular facet of his personality: the red-blooded New Yorker and the L.A. transplant. Up until now each have done a fine job of compartmentalizing themselves. That is until Lily, an old flame, gets a hold of him right as he's about to head home for the holidays.
Cast: Francesco D'onofrio, Afton Jillian, Fabiana Udenio, Makenna Perkal, Sofie Marie


The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl: 2005 | PG | 92 min | 5.152 rating
Everyone always knew that Max had a wild imagination, but no one believed that his wildest creations -- a boy raised by watchful great white sharks and a girl with the force of a volcano -- were real. Now, these two pint-sized action masters will show Max that even an ordinary kid has what it takes to be extraordinary.
Cast: Taylor Lautner, Taylor Dooley, Cayden Boyd, David Arquette, Kristin Davis


Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City: 2021 | R | 107 min | 6.013 rating
Once the booming home of pharmaceutical giant Umbrella Corporation, Raccoon City is now a dying Midwestern town. The company’s exodus left the city a wasteland…with great evil brewing below the surface. When that evil is unleashed, the townspeople are forever…changed…and a small group of survivors must work together to uncover the truth behind Umbrella and make it through the night.
Cast: Kaya Scodelario, Hannah John-Kamen, Robbie Amell, Tom Hopper, Avan Jogia


Elysium: 2013 | R | 109 min | 6.502 rating
In the year 2159, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Rhodes, a hard line government ofﬁcial, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn’t stop the people of Earth from trying to get in, by any means they can. When unlucky Max is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life, but could bring equality to these polarized worlds.
Cast: Matt Damon, Jodie Foster, Sharlto Copley, Diego Luna, Wagner Moura


Drag Me to Hell: 2009 |  | 99 min | 6.409 rating
After denying a woman the extension she needs to keep her home, loan officer Christine Brown sees her once-promising life take a startling turn for the worse. Christine is convinced she's been cursed by a Gypsy, but her boyfriend is skeptical. Her only hope seems to lie in a psychic who claims he can help her lift the curse and keep her soul from being dragged straight to hell.
Cast: Alison Lohman, Justin Long, Lorna Raver, Dileep Rao, David Paymer


Wrong Turn 5: Bloodlines: 2012 | R | 91 min | 5.382 rating
A small West Virginia town is hosting the legendary Mountain Man Festival on Halloween, where throngs of costumed party goers gather for a wild night of music and mischief. But an inbred family of hillbilly cannibals kill the fun when they trick and treat themselves to a group of visiting college students.
Cast: Borisa Tyutyundzhieva, Doug Bradley, Roxanne McKee, Camilla Arfwedson, Paul Luebke


Rush Hour 3: 2007 | PG-13 | 91 min | 6.437 rating
After a botched assassination attempt, the mismatched duo finds themselves in Paris, struggling to retrieve a precious list of names, as the murderous crime syndicate's henchmen try their best to stop them. Once more, Lee and Carter must fight their way through dangerous gangsters; however, this time, the past has come back to haunt Lee. Will the boys get the job done once and for all?
Cast: Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker, Hiroyuki Sanada, Max von Sydow, Yvan Attal


Love in Taipei: 2023 |  | 92 min | 7.155 rating
A young American woman is sent by her parents to a cultural immersion program in Taipei where she begins a new journey of self-discovery and romance.
Cast: Ashley Liao, Ross Butler, Nico Hiraga, Chelsea Zhang, Cindy Cheung


Those Who Wish Me Dead: 2021 | R | 100 min | 6.694 rating
A young boy finds himself pursued by two assassins in the Montana wilderness, with a survival expert determined to protect him, and a forest fire threatening to consume them all.
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Finn Little, Jon Bernthal, Nicholas Hoult, Aidan Gillen


Nefarious: 2023 | R | 96 min | 7 rating
On the day of his scheduled execution, a convicted serial killer gets a psychiatric evaluation during which he claims he is a demon, and further claims that before their time is over, the psychiatrist will commit three murders of his own.
Cast: Sean Patrick Flanery, Jordan Belfi, Tom Ohmer, Glenn Beck, Daniel Martin Berkey


Six Swedish Girls in Alps: 1983 | NR | 90 min | 6.647 rating
This comedy has everyone's favorite 6 Swedish gals enjoying their stay in the alps. When the girls aren't enjoying the pleasure of their own company they're out having a good time with nearly everyone else in town.
Cast: Petra van Hoven, Marianne Aubert, Evelyne Lang, Elke Sjöberg, Michaela Larsen


Pocahontas: 1995 | G | 81 min | 6.926 rating
Pocahontas, daughter of a Native American tribe chief, falls in love with an English soldier as colonists invade 17th century Virginia.
Cast: Irene Bedard, Mel Gibson, David Ogden Stiers, John Kassir, Christian Bale


Spirited: 2022 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.042 rating
Each Christmas Eve, the Ghost of Christmas Present selects one dark soul to be reformed by a visit from three spirits. But this season, he picked the wrong Scrooge. Clint Briggs turns the tables on his ghostly host until Present finds himself reexamining his own past, present and future.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Ryan Reynolds, Octavia Spencer, Patrick Page, Sunita Mani


Total Recall: 2012 | PG-13 | 118 min | 6 rating
Factory worker Doug Quaid takes a virtual mind-trip vacation with the Rekall company, opting for implanted memories of being a spy. When the procedure goes wrong, Quaid becomes a wanted man by the police and joins forces with a rebel fighter to stop the evil Chancellor Cohaagen.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Jessica Biel, Kate Beckinsale, Ethan Hawke, Bill Nighy


Peter Pan: 1953 | G | 77 min | 7.221 rating
Leaving the safety of their nursery behind, Wendy, Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland, the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good.
Cast: Bobby Driscoll, Kathryn Beaumont, Hans Conried, Bill Thompson, Heather Angel


Piranha 3DD: 2012 | R | 83 min | 4.324 rating
After the events at Lake Victoria, the prehistoric school of blood-thirsty piranhas make their way into swimming pools, plumbing, and a newly opened water park.
Cast: Danielle Panabaker, Matt Bush, Katrina Bowden, Jean-Luc Bilodeau, David Koechner


Haunted High: 2012 |  | 85 min | 4.3 rating
A group of students are trapped at a school after a time capsule from the 1950's is cracked open by an earthquake. The students soon realize that ghostly spirits escaped from the time capsule, and possessed the principal and three other teachers.
Cast: M.C. Gainey, Danny Trejo, Jonathan Baron, Gabe Begneaud, Charisma Carpenter


Susie Searches: 2023 |  | 105 min | 5.75 rating
Susie is an awkward college student who seizes the opportunity to bolster her popularity and her under-the-radar true-crime podcast by attempting to solve the disappearance of a classmate.
Cast: Kiersey Clemons, Alex Wolff, Jim Gaffigan, Ken Marino, David Walton


Now You See Me: 2013 | PG-13 | 116 min | 7.3 rating
An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher, Dave Franco


Blacklight: 2022 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.211 rating
Travis Block is a shadowy Government agent who specializes in removing operatives whose covers have been exposed. He then has to uncover a deadly conspiracy within his own ranks that reaches the highest echelons of power.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Emmy Raver-Lampman, Taylor John Smith, Aidan Quinn, Tim Draxl


Thriller 40: 2023 |  | 88 min | 8.6 rating
Forty years after the release of Michael Jackson’s ‘Thriller,’ the best-selling album of all-time, director Nelson George takes fans back in time to the making of a pop masterpiece, featuring never-before-seen footage and candid interviews.
Cast: Michael Jackson, Paul McCartney, Quincy Jones, Usher, Mary J. Blige


For a Few Dollars More: 1965 | R | 132 min | 8.018 rating
Two bounty hunters are in pursuit of "El Indio," one of the most wanted fugitives in the western territories, and his gang.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Lee Van Cleef, Gian Maria Volonté, Luigi Pistilli, Klaus Kinski


American Psycho: 2000 | R | 102 min | 7.408 rating
A wealthy New York investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he escalates deeper into his illogical, gratuitous fantasies.
Cast: Christian Bale, Willem Dafoe, Jared Leto, Josh Lucas, Samantha Mathis


Con Air: 1997 | R | 116 min | 6.732 rating
Newly-paroled former US Army ranger Cameron Poe is headed back to his wife, but must fly home aboard a prison transport flight dubbed "Jailbird" taking the “worst of the worst” prisoners, a group described as “pure predators”, to a new super-prison. Poe faces impossible odds when the transport plane is skyjacked mid-flight by the most vicious criminals in the country led by the mastermind — genius serial killer Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom, and backed by black militant Diamond Dog and psychopath Billy Bedlam.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, John Malkovich, John Cusack, Ving Rhames, Mykelti Williamson


King Richard: 2021 | PG-13 | 145 min | 7.703 rating
The story of how Richard Williams served as a coach to his daughters Venus and Serena, who will soon become two of the most legendary tennis players in history.
Cast: Will Smith, Aunjanue Ellis-Taylor, Saniyya Sidney, Demi Singleton, Jon Bernthal


Triangle of Sadness: 2022 | R | 147 min | 7.112 rating
A celebrity model couple are invited on a luxury cruise for the uber-rich, helmed by an unhinged, alcoholic captain. What first appears Instagrammable ends catastrophically, leaving the survivors stranded on a desert island in a struggle of hierarchy.
Cast: Harris Dickinson, Charlbi Dean, Woody Harrelson, Zlatko Burić, Vicki Berlin


El Infierno: 2010 | NR | 145 min | 7.83 rating
Benjamin Garcia, Benny is deported from the United States. Back home and against a bleak picture, Benny gets involved in the drug business, in which he has for the first time in his life, a spectacular rise surrounded by money, women, violence and fun. But very soon he will discover that criminal life does not always keep its promises.
Cast: Damián Alcázar, Joaquín Cosío, Ernesto Gómez Cruz, María Rojo, Elizabeth Cervantes


Sucker Punch: 2011 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.183 rating
A young girl, institutionalised by her abusive stepfather, retreats to an alternative reality as a coping strategy and envisions a plan to help her escape.
Cast: Emily Browning, Abbie Cornish, Jena Malone, Vanessa Hudgens, Jamie Chung


Cars: 2006 | G | 117 min | 6.946 rating
Lightning McQueen, a hotshot rookie race car driven to succeed, discovers that life is about the journey, not the finish line, when he finds himself unexpectedly detoured in the sleepy Route 66 town of Radiator Springs. On route across the country to the big Piston Cup Championship in California to compete against two seasoned pros, McQueen gets to know the town's offbeat characters.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Larry the Cable Guy, Bonnie Hunt, Paul Newman, Tony Shalhoub


Scarface: 1983 | R | 170 min | 8.168 rating
After getting a green card in exchange for assassinating a Cuban government official, Tony Montana stakes a claim on the drug trade in Miami. Viciously murdering anyone who stands in his way, Tony eventually becomes the biggest drug lord in the state, controlling nearly all the cocaine that comes through Miami. But increased pressure from the police, wars with Colombian drug cartels and his own drug-fueled paranoia serve to fuel the flames of his eventual downfall.
Cast: Al Pacino, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia


The Other Me: 2023 | NR | 99 min | 5 rating
The life of a young architect is thrown into turmoil when he's diagnosed with a rare eye disease. As his condition worsens, he questions his life and career choices, and his relationship to his frustrated wife becomes more strained.
Cast: Jim Sturgess, Antonia Campbell-Hughes, Andreja Pejić, Rhona Mitra, Orla Brady


A Man Called Otto: 2022 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.794 rating
When a lively young family moves in next door, grumpy widower Otto Anderson meets his match in a quick-witted, pregnant woman named Marisol, leading to an unlikely friendship that turns his world upside down.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Mariana Treviño, Rachel Keller, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Cameron Britton


TMNT: 2007 | PG | 86 min | 6.1 rating
After the defeat of their old arch nemesis, The Shredder, the Turtles have grown apart as a family. Struggling to keep them together, their rat sensei, Splinter, becomes worried when strange things begin to brew in New York City.
Cast: James Arnold Taylor, Mitchell Whitfield, Nolan North, Mikey Kelley, Sarah Michelle Gellar


Ready or Not: 2019 | R | 95 min | 7.063 rating
A bride's wedding night takes a sinister turn when her eccentric new in-laws force her to take part in a terrifying game.
Cast: Samara Weaving, Adam Brody, Mark O'Brien, Henry Czerny, Andie MacDowell


Suicide Squad: 2016 | PG-13 | 123 min | 5.911 rating
From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences.
Cast: Will Smith, Jared Leto, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnaman, Viola Davis


Memory: 2022 | R | 114 min | 6.875 rating
Alex, an assassin-for-hire, finds that he's become a target after he refuses to complete a job for a dangerous criminal organization. With the crime syndicate and FBI in hot pursuit, Alex has the skills to stay ahead, except for one thing: he is struggling with severe memory loss, affecting his every move. Alex must question his every action and whom he can ultimately trust.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Guy Pearce, Taj Atwal, Harold Torres, Monica Bellucci


Baby Assassins 2 Babies: 2023 |  | 101 min | 6.8 rating
Chisato and Mahiro were banned from performing tasks because they violated the organization's rules?! Needing money to make ends meet, they resumed their days as part time workers. The two are busy working to earn money, but they suddenly encounter other assassins who are after them. What should they do if they can't reveal their identity as assassins when they are not on duty?
Cast: Akari Takaishi, Saori Izawa, Atomu Mizuishi, Tomo Nakai, Tsubasa Tobinaga


B&B Merry: 2022 | G | 85 min | 6.074 rating
Tracey Wise is a renowned luxury travel blogger who is invited by Graham Cooper to a Christmas getaway in exchange for her review of his family’s small bed & breakfast, Silver Peak. Unfortunately, the humble B&B is facing tough competition from an upscale hotel resort nearby that has been stealing guests and threatening the survival of the family business.
Cast: Jen Lilley, Jesse Hutch, Nick Preston, Shelly Williams, Peter Louis Chouinard


The Adam Project: 2022 | PG-13 | 106 min | 7.054 rating
After accidentally crash-landing in 2022, time-traveling fighter pilot Adam Reed teams up with his 12-year-old self on a mission to save the future.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Walker Scobell, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner, Zoe Saldaña


Licence to Kill: 1989 | PG-13 | 133 min | 6.376 rating
After capturing the notorious drug lord Franz Sanchez, Bond's close friend and former CIA agent Felix Leiter is left for dead and his wife is murdered. Bond goes rogue and seeks vengeance on those responsible, as he infiltrates Sanchez's organization from the inside.
Cast: Timothy Dalton, Carey Lowell, Robert Davi, Talisa Soto, Anthony Zerbe


Dumbo: 2019 | PG | 112 min | 6.636 rating
A young elephant, whose oversized ears enable him to fly, helps save a struggling circus, but when the circus plans a new venture, Dumbo and his friends discover dark secrets beneath its shiny veneer.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Michael Keaton, Danny DeVito, Eva Green, Alan Arkin


Blood Punch: 2014 |  | 104 min | 6.4 rating
Milton, a college dropout, was only supposed to cook meth for one day. Broken out of rehab by a brash young woman and her trigger-happy ("ex") boyfriend and driven to a remote cabin the woods, Milton finds himself drawn into a dangerous love triangle gone haywire. The couple's deadpan half-truths spin around Milton like a song on repeat. They seem to read him like an open book, until a mysterious message opens his eyes to his cursed existence. With unlimited ammunition, any hunting tool they could desire, and an ever-growing body count, for what did Milton really sign up?
Cast: Milo Cawthorne, Olivia Tennet, Ari Boyland, Cohen Holloway, Adelaide Kane


Fifty Shades Darker: 2017 | R | 118 min | 6.492 rating
When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a cautious Ana Steele back into his life, she demands a new arrangement before she will give him another chance. As the two begin to build trust and find stability, shadowy figures from Christian’s past start to circle the couple, determined to destroy their hopes for a future together.
Cast: Dakota Johnson, Jamie Dornan, Eric Johnson, Eloise Mumford, Bella Heathcote


RRR: 2022 | PG-13 | 185 min | 7.807 rating
A fictional history of two legendary revolutionaries' journey away from home before they began fighting for their country in the 1920s.
Cast: N.T. Rama Rao Jr., Ram Charan, Olivia Morris, Ray Stevenson, Alison Doody


Public Enemies: 2009 | R | 140 min | 6.678 rating
Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger's charm and audacity endear him to much of America's downtrodden public, but he's also a thorn in the side of J. Edgar Hoover and the fledgling FBI. Desperate to capture the elusive outlaw, Hoover makes Dillinger his first Public Enemy Number One and assigns his top agent, Melvin Purvis, the task of bringing him in dead or alive.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Christian Bale, Marion Cotillard, Jason Clarke, Rory Cochrane


Transformers: Age of Extinction: 2014 | PG-13 | 165 min | 5.9 rating
As humanity picks up the pieces, following the conclusion of "Transformers: Dark of the Moon," Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious businessman and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control - all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in his cross-hairs.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Stanley Tucci, Kelsey Grammer, Nicola Peltz Beckham, Jack Reynor


The Rock: 1996 | R | 137 min | 7.111 rating
When vengeful General Francis X. Hummel seizes control of Alcatraz Island and threatens to launch missiles loaded with deadly chemical weapons into San Francisco, only a young FBI chemical weapons expert and notorious Federal prisoner have the stills to penetrate the impregnable island fortress and take him down.
Cast: Sean Connery, Nicolas Cage, Ed Harris, William Forsythe, David Morse


The Wedding Ringer: 2015 | R | 101 min | 6.488 rating
Doug Harris is a loveable but socially awkward groom-to-be with a problem: he has no best man.  With less than two weeks to go until he marries the girl of his dreams, Doug is referred to Jimmy Callahan, owner and CEO of Best Man, Inc., a company that provides flattering best men for socially challenged guys in need.  What ensues is a hilarious wedding charade as they try to pull off the big con, and an unexpected budding bromance between Doug and his fake
 best man Jimmy.
Cast: Kevin Hart, Josh Gad, Kaley Cuoco, Affion Crockett, Olivia Thirlby


Ava: 2020 | R | 96 min | 5.799 rating
A black ops assassin is forced to fight for her own survival after a job goes dangerously wrong.
Cast: Jessica Chastain, John Malkovich, Common, Colin Farrell, Geena Davis


The Witch: Part 2. The Other One: 2022 |  | 137 min | 7.33 rating
A girl wakes up in a huge secret laboratory, then accidentally meets another girl who is trying to protect her house from a gang. The mystery girl overthrows the gang with her unexpected powers, and laboratory staff set out to find her.
Cast: Shin Si-a, Park Eun-bin, Seo Eun-soo, Jin Goo, Seong Yu-bin


LEGO Marvel Avengers: Code Red: 2023 | G | 46 min | 6.546 rating
The Avengers gather to celebrate their latest victory, but their celebration is quickly interrupted by the mysterious disappearance of Black Widow's father, Red Guardian. As the Avengers investigate, they discover that Red Guardian isn't the only one missing when they meet a dangerous new foe quite unlike anything they've ever encountered before.
Cast: Laura Bailey, Trevor Devall, Haley Joel Osment, Steve Blum, Will Friedle


A Flintstone Christmas: 1977 | NR | 48 min | 6.534 rating
Santa has an accident at Fred's house on Christmas Eve, Fred and Barney have to continue his run for him.
Cast: Henry Corden, Mel Blanc, Jean Vander Pyl, Gay Autterson, Lucille Bliss


Annihilation: 2018 | R | 115 min | 6.4 rating
A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply.
Cast: Natalie Portman, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Gina Rodriguez, Tessa Thompson, Tuva Novotny


Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol: 2011 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.075 rating
Ethan Hunt and his team are racing against time to track down a dangerous terrorist named Hendricks, who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt to stop him ends in an explosion causing severe destruction to the Kremlin and the IMF to be implicated in the bombing, forcing the President to disavow them. No longer being aided by the government, Ethan and his team chase Hendricks around the globe, although they might still be too late to stop a disaster.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Paula Patton, Simon Pegg, Jeremy Renner, Michael Nyqvist


Miracle on 34th Street: 1947 |  | 96 min | 7.345 rating
Kris Kringle, seemingly the embodiment of Santa Claus, is asked to portray the jolly old fellow at Macy's following his performance in the Thanksgiving Day parade. His portrayal is so complete that many begin to question if he truly is Santa Claus, while others question his sanity.
Cast: Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, Edmund Gwenn, Natalie Wood, Porter Hall


Eva: 2021 | NR | 95 min | 5.7 rating
When Eva gets involved in a steamy threesome with a houseboy and her lady boss, she realizes she has to choose only one between them.
Cast: Angeli Khang, Ava Mendez, Marco Gomez, Germaine De Leon, Angelica Cervantes


mother!: 2017 | R | 121 min | 6.976 rating
A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Javier Bardem, Ed Harris, Michelle Pfeiffer, Brian Gleeson


Focus: 2015 | R | 105 min | 6.876 rating
Nicky, an accomplished con artist, gets romantically involved with his disciple Jess but later ends their relationship. Years later, she returns as a femme fatale to spoil his plans.
Cast: Will Smith, Margot Robbie, Rodrigo Santoro, Gerald McRaney, Adrian Martinez


Project Almanac: 2015 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.747 rating
A group of teens discover secret plans of a time machine, and construct one. However, things start to get out of control.
Cast: Jonny Weston, Virginia Gardner, Sofia Black-D'Elia, Sam Lerner, Allen Evangelista


Scream: 1996 | R | 112 min | 7.419 rating
A year after the murder of her mother, Sidney Prescott is terrorized by a masked killer who targets her and her friends by using scary movies as part of a deadly game.
Cast: David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Matthew Lillard, Rose McGowan


Abominable: 2019 | PG | 97 min | 7.5 rating
A group of misfits encounter a young Yeti named Everest, and they set off to reunite the magical creature with his family on the mountain of his namesake.
Cast: Chloe Bennet, Albert Tsai, Tenzing Norgay Trainor, Joseph Izzo, Eddie Izzard


Mortal Kombat Legends: Battle of the Realms: 2021 | R | 80 min | 7.7 rating
The Earthrealm heroes must journey to the Outworld and fight for the survival of their homeland, invaded by the forces of evil warlord Shao Kahn, in the tournament to end all tournaments: the final Mortal Kombat.
Cast: Jordan Rodrigues, Jennifer Carpenter, Joel McHale, Patrick Seitz, Dave B. Mitchell


Waterworld: 1995 | PG-13 | 135 min | 6.197 rating
In a futuristic world where the polar ice caps have melted and made Earth a liquid planet, a beautiful barmaid rescues a mutant seafarer from a floating island prison. They escape, along with her young charge, Enola, and sail off aboard his ship. But the trio soon becomes the target of a menacing pirate who covets the map to 'Dryland'—which is tattooed on Enola's back.
Cast: Kevin Costner, Dennis Hopper, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Tina Majorino, R. D. Call


Hotel Transylvania 2: 2015 | PG | 89 min | 6.783 rating
When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together, Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Andy Samberg, Selena Gomez, Kevin James, Steve Buscemi


Dark Waters: 2019 |  | 127 min | 7.528 rating
A tenacious attorney uncovers a dark secret that connects a growing number of unexplained deaths to one of the world's largest corporations. In the process, he risks everything — his future, his family, and his own life — to expose the truth.
Cast: Mark Ruffalo, Anne Hathaway, Tim Robbins, Bill Pullman, Bill Camp


Not Love, Just Frenzy: 1996 |  | 125 min | 5.5 rating
From the land of Almodovar comes a hot new film about drugs, sex &amp; everything else!
Cast: Nancho Novo, Cayetana Guillén Cuervo, Ingrid Rubio, Beatriz Santiago, Javier Manrique


The Addams Family 2: 2021 | PG | 93 min | 7.008 rating
The Addams get tangled up in more wacky adventures and find themselves involved in hilarious run-ins with all sorts of unsuspecting characters.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Charlize Theron, Chloë Grace Moretz, Javon Walton, Nick Kroll


Trolls Holiday: 2017 | PG | 26 min | 6.7 rating
When the eternally optimistic Poppy, queen of the Trolls, learns that the Bergens no longer have any holidays on their calendar, she enlists the help of Branch and the rest of the gang on a delightfully quirky mission to fix something that the Bergens don't think is broken.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Justin Timberlake, Zooey Deschanel, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, James Corden


Reacher Second Season Prime Premier: NaN | NR | Runtime NA | 8.5 rating
Reacher is pulled from his vagabond life by a coded message informing him that a member of the 110th - his elite group of Army Special Investigators - has been murdered. He and some of his former military cohorts reunite to investigate and soon realize the case is bigger than they ever could have imagined.
Cast: 


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows: 2016 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.012 rating
After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew, they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang.
Cast: Megan Fox, Laura Linney, Will Arnett, Stephen Amell, Pete Ploszek


Ghostland: 2018 | R | 91 min | 7.36 rating
A mother of two inherits a home from her aunt. On the first night in the new home she is confronted with murderous intruders and fights for her daughters’ lives. Sixteen years later the daughters reunite at the house, and that is when things get strange . . .
Cast: Crystal Reed, Mylène Farmer, Anastasia Phillips, Emilia Jones, Taylor Hickson


Lucy: 2014 | R | 89 min | 6.444 rating
A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic.
Cast: Scarlett Johansson, Morgan Freeman, Choi Min-sik, Amr Waked, Julian Rhind-Tutt


Epic Movie: 2007 | PG-13 | 85 min | 3.887 rating
When Edward, Peter, Lucy and Susan each follow their own path, they end up finding themselves at Willy's Chocolate factory. Walking through a wardrobe, they discover the world of Gnarnia, which is ruled by the White Bitch. Meeting up with characters such as Harry Potter and Captain Jack Swallows, the newly reunited family must team up with Aslo, a wise-but-horny lion to stop the white bitch's army.
Cast: Kal Penn, Adam Campbell, Jennifer Coolidge, Jayma Mays, Faune Chambers


Alice Through the Looking Glass: 2016 | PG | 113 min | 6.554 rating
Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter.
Cast: Mia Wasikowska, Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter, Alan Rickman


The Judge: 2014 | R | 141 min | 7.305 rating
A successful lawyer returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral only to discover that his estranged father, the town's judge, is suspected of murder.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Robert Duvall, Vera Farmiga, Billy Bob Thornton, Vincent D'Onofrio


Warrior: 2011 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.843 rating
The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament – a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.
Cast: Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, Jennifer Morrison, Frank Grillo


Maggie: 2015 | PG-13 | 95 min | 5.365 rating
There's a deadly zombie epidemic threatening humanity, but Wade, a small-town farmer and family man, refuses to accept defeat even when his daughter Maggie becomes infected. As Maggie's condition worsens and the authorities seek to eradicate those with the virus, Wade is pushed to the limits in an effort to protect her. Joely Richardson co-stars in this post-apocalyptic thriller.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Abigail Breslin, Joely Richardson, Douglas M. Griffin, J.D. Evermore


Reptile: 2023 | R | 136 min | 6.9 rating
Following the brutal murder of a young real estate agent, a hardened detective attempts to uncover the truth in a case where nothing is as it seems, and by doing so dismantles the illusions in his own life.
Cast: Benicio del Toro, Justin Timberlake, Alicia Silverstone, Michael Pitt, Karl Glusman


Basic Instinct: 1992 | R | 127 min | 6.889 rating
A violent police detective investigates a brutal murder that might involve a manipulative and seductive novelist.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Sharon Stone, George Dzundza, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Leilani Sarelle


Batman Begins: 2005 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.703 rating
Driven by tragedy, billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home, Gotham City.  Unable to work within the system, he instead creates a new identity, a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman.
Cast: Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman


Star Trek Beyond: 2016 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.784 rating
The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test.
Cast: Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Zoe Saldaña, Simon Pegg


Pet Sematary: 1989 | R | 103 min | 6.6 rating
Dr. Louis Creed's family moves into the country house of their dreams and discover a pet cemetery at the back of their property. The cursed burial ground deep in the woods brings the dead back to life -- with "minor" problems. At first, only the family's cat makes the return trip, but an accident forces a heartbroken father to contemplate the unthinkable.
Cast: Dale Midkiff, Fred Gwynne, Denise Crosby, Brad Greenquist, Michael Lombard


Frivolous Lola: 1998 |  | 105 min | 4.992 rating
The story takes place in northern Italy in the 1950's. Lola and Masetto are about to get married. Masetto wants to keep Lola as a virgin until they are married. But Lola is impatient to remain in chastity until the wedding night. She wants to be sure that Masetto is a good lover, before she commits herself into marriage. She does everything to trick Masetto into breaking the moral tradition.
Cast: Anna Ammirati, Patrick Mower, Max Parodi, Zuzana Martinková, Antonio Salines


Midway: 2019 | PG-13 | 138 min | 7.153 rating
The story of the Battle of Midway, and the leaders and soldiers who used their instincts, fortitude and bravery to overcome massive odds.
Cast: Ed Skrein, Patrick Wilson, Woody Harrelson, Luke Evans, Mandy Moore


Wanted: 2008 | R | 110 min | 6.513 rating
Doormat Wesley Gibson discovers that his recently murdered father - who Wesley never knew - belonged to a secret guild of assassins. After a leather-clad sexpot drafts Wesley into the society, he hones his innate killing skills and turns avenger.
Cast: James McAvoy, Angelina Jolie, Morgan Freeman, Terence Stamp, Thomas Kretschmann


Riddick: 2013 | R | 119 min | 6.299 rating
Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a desolate planet, Riddick fights for survival against alien predators and becomes more powerful and dangerous than ever before. Soon bounty hunters from throughout the galaxy descend on Riddick only to find themselves pawns in his greater scheme for revenge. With his enemies right where he wants them, Riddick unleashes a vicious attack of vengeance before returning to his home planet of Furya to save it from destruction.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Matt Nable, Katee Sackhoff, Jordi Mollà, Dave Bautista


Waves: 2019 | R | 135 min | 7.398 rating
A controlling father’s attempts to ensure that his two children succeed in high school backfire after his son experiences a career-ending sports injury. Their familial bonds are eventually placed under severe strain by an unexpected tragedy.
Cast: Kelvin Harrison Jr., Taylor Russell, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Sterling K. Brown, Lucas Hedges


Chinatown: 1974 | R | 130 min | 7.917 rating
Private eye Jake Gittes lives off of the murky moral climate of sunbaked, pre-World War II Southern California. Hired by a beautiful socialite to investigate her husband's extra-marital affair, Gittes is swept into a maelstrom of double dealings and deadly deceits, uncovering a web of personal and political scandals that come crashing together.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, John Huston, Perry Lopez, John Hillerman


Scary Movie 3: 2003 | R | 84 min | 5.977 rating
In the third installment of the Scary Movie franchise, news anchorwoman Cindy Campbell has to investigate mysterious crop circles and killing video tapes, and help the President stop an alien invasion in the process.
Cast: Anna Faris, Simon Rex, Anthony Anderson, Charlie Sheen, Regina Hall


All-Time High: 2023 |  | 103 min | 5.702 rating
A con artist in dire need of cash and a woman with a crypto fortune hit it off. Is she the target of his dreams, or is the scammer about to get scammed?
Cast: Nassim Lyes, Zoé Marchal, Ciryl Gane, Yassine Stein, Adrien Essamir


Looper: 2012 | R | 118 min | 6.877 rating
In the futuristic action thriller Looper, time travel will be invented but it will be illegal and only available on the black market. When the mob wants to get rid of someone, they will send their target 30 years into the past where a looper, a hired gun, like Joe is waiting to mop up. Joe is getting rich and life is good until the day the mob decides to close the loop, sending back Joe's future self for assassination.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt, Paul Dano, Noah Segan


Blackhat: 2015 | R | 133 min | 5.473 rating
Nicholas Hathaway, a furloughed convict, and his American and Chinese partners hunt a high-level cybercrime network from Chicago to Los Angeles to Hong Kong to Jakarta. As Hathaway closes in, the stakes become personal as he discovers that the attack on a Chinese nuclear power plant was just the beginning.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Tang Wei, Leehom Wang, Viola Davis, Holt McCallany


The Boxtrolls: 2014 | PG | 97 min | 6.7 rating
An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher.
Cast: Ben Kingsley, Isaac Hempstead-Wright, Elle Fanning, Dee Bradley Baker, Toni Collette


Goldfinger: 1964 | PG | 110 min | 7.4 rating
Special agent 007 comes face to face with one of the most notorious villains of all time, and now he must outwit and outgun the powerful tycoon to prevent him from cashing in on a devious scheme to raid Fort Knox -- and obliterate the world's economy.
Cast: Sean Connery, Gert Fröbe, Honor Blackman, Harold Sakata, Shirley Eaton


Greyhound: 2020 | PG-13 | 91 min | 7.418 rating
A first-time captain leads a convoy of allied ships carrying thousands of soldiers across the treacherous waters of the “Black Pit” to the front lines of WW2. With no air cover protection for 5 days, the captain and his convoy must battle the surrounding enemy Nazi U-boats in order to give the allies a chance to win the war.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Stephen Graham, Rob Morgan, Josh Wiggins, Tom Brittney


The Desperate Hour: 2021 | PG-13 | 84 min | 5.958 rating
A woman desperately races to save her child after police place her hometown on lockdown due to an active shooter incident.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Colton Gobbo, Sierra Maltby, Michelle Johnston, Woodrow Schrieber


Murder Mystery 2: 2023 | PG-13 | 91 min | 6.498 rating
After starting their own detective agency, Nick and Audrey Spitz land a career-making case when their billionaire pal is kidnapped from his wedding.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Jennifer Aniston, Mark Strong, Mélanie Laurent, Jodie Turner-Smith


Elvis: 2022 | PG-13 | 159 min | 7.583 rating
The life story of Elvis Presley as seen through the complicated relationship with his enigmatic manager, Colonel Tom Parker.
Cast: Austin Butler, Tom Hanks, Olivia DeJonge, Helen Thomson, Richard Roxburgh


Jeepers Creepers: Reborn: 2022 | R | 88 min | 5.52 rating
Forced to travel with her boyfriend to a horror festival, Laine begins to experience disturbing visions associated with the urban legend of The Creeper. As the festival arrives and the blood-soaked entertainment builds to a frenzy, she becomes the center of it while something unearthly has been summoned.
Cast: Sydney Craven, Imran Adams, Jarreau Benjamin, Peter Brooke, Ocean Navarro


Mission: Impossible III: 2006 | PG-13 | 126 min | 6.7 rating
Retired from active duty, and training recruits for the Impossible Mission Force, agent Ethan Hunt faces the toughest foe of his career: Owen Davian, an international broker of arms and information, who is as cunning as he is ruthless. Davian emerges to threaten Hunt and all that he holds dear -- including the woman Hunt loves.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ving Rhames, Billy Crudup, Michelle Monaghan


Big Fish: 2003 | PG-13 | 125 min | 7.762 rating
Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures.
Cast: Ewan McGregor, Albert Finney, Billy Crudup, Jessica Lange, Helena Bonham Carter


Saw V: 2008 | R | 95 min | 6.167 rating
Detective Hoffman is seemingly the last person alive to carry on the Jigsaw legacy. But when his secret is threatened, he must go on the hunt to eliminate all the loose ends.
Cast: Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Scott Patterson, Betsy Russell, Julie Benz


Cult of Chucky: 2017 | R | 91 min | 5.783 rating
Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane, Nica Pierce is convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when the psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic "Good Guy" doll with a familiar face, a string of new, grisly deaths leads Nica to wonder if she isn't crazy after all.
Cast: Fiona Dourif, Brad Dourif, Alex Vincent, Jennifer Tilly, Michael Therriault


Gemini Man: 2019 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.3 rating
Henry Brogan is an elite 51-year-old assassin who's ready to call it quits after completing his 72nd job. His plans get turned upside down when he becomes the target of a mysterious operative who can seemingly predict his every move. To his horror, Brogan soon learns that the man who's trying to kill him is a younger, faster, cloned version of himself.
Cast: Will Smith, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Clive Owen, Benedict Wong, Douglas Hodge


Life Is Beautiful: 1997 | PG-13 | 116 min | 8.455 rating
A touching story of an Italian book seller of Jewish ancestry who lives in his own little fairy tale. His creative and happy life would come to an abrupt halt when his entire family is deported to a concentration camp during World War II. While locked up he tries to convince his son that the whole thing is just a game.
Cast: Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano, Sergio Bini Bustric


Bruce Almighty: 2003 | PG-13 | 101 min | 6.7 rating
Bruce Nolan toils as a 'human interest' television reporter in Buffalo, N.Y., but despite his high ratings and the love of his beautiful girlfriend, Bruce remains unfulfilled. At the end of the worst day in his life, he angrily ridicules God—and the Almighty responds, endowing Bruce with all of His divine powers.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer Aniston, Philip Baker Hall, Catherine Bell


The Hunt: 2020 | R | 90 min | 6.651 rating
Twelve strangers wake up in a clearing. They don't know where they are—or how they got there. In the shadow of a dark internet conspiracy theory, ruthless elitists gather at a remote location to hunt humans for sport. But their master plan is about to be derailed when one of the hunted turns the tables on her pursuers.
Cast: Betty Gilpin, Hilary Swank, Ethan Suplee, Teri Wyble, Ike Barinholtz


Taxi Driver: 1976 | R | 114 min | 8.155 rating
A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feed his urge for violent action.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Jodie Foster, Cybill Shepherd, Harvey Keitel, Peter Boyle


Run All Night: 2015 | R | 114 min | 6.405 rating
Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past—as well as a dogged police detective who’s been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy’s estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Joel Kinnaman, Ed Harris, Vincent D'Onofrio, Bruce McGill


Pearl Harbor: 2001 | PG-13 | 183 min | 6.93 rating
The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker is put to the ultimate test when the two ace fighter pilots become entangled in a love triangle with beautiful Naval nurse Evelyn Johnson. But the rivalry between the friends-turned-foes is immediately put on hold when they find themselves at the center of Japan's devastating attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Kate Beckinsale, Josh Hartnett, Cuba Gooding Jr., Jon Voight


Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children: 2016 | PG-13 | 127 min | 6.824 rating
A teenager finds himself transported to an island where he must help protect a group of orphans with special powers from creatures intent on destroying them.
Cast: Eva Green, Asa Butterfield, Samuel L. Jackson, Judi Dench, Rupert Everett


Secret of the Wings: 2012 | G | 75 min | 7.206 rating
Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow.
Cast: Mae Whitman, Lucy Hale, Timothy Dalton, Jeff Bennett, Lucy Liu


Tombstone: 1993 | R | 130 min | 7.599 rating
Legendary marshal Wyatt Earp, now a weary gunfighter, joins his brothers Morgan and Virgil to pursue their collective fortune in the thriving mining town of Tombstone. But Earp is forced to don a badge again and get help from his notorious pal Doc Holliday when a gang of renegade brigands and rustlers begins terrorizing the town.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Val Kilmer, Sam Elliott, Bill Paxton, Powers Boothe


Bottoms: 2023 |  | 91 min | 6.8 rating
Unpopular best friends PJ and Josie start a high school self-defense club to meet girls and lose their virginity. They soon find themselves in over their heads when the most popular students start beating each other up in the name of self-defense.
Cast: Rachel Sennott, Ayo Edebiri, Ruby Cruz, Havana Rose Liu, Kaia Gerber


Christmas with the Kranks: 2004 | PG | 99 min | 6.2 rating
When their only daughter Blair leaves the family nest, Luther and Nora Krank decide to book an island cruise to beat the yuletide blues and just skip the holidays. But their decision to boycott tradition has the whole neighborhood in an uproar, and when Blair calls on Christmas Eve to announce a surprise visit with her new fiancée, the Kranks have just twelve hours to perform a miracle and pull themselves and their neighbors together to throw the best celebration ever!
Cast: Tim Allen, Jamie Lee Curtis, Dan Aykroyd, M. Emmet Walsh, Elizabeth Franz


Cold Pursuit: 2019 | R | 119 min | 5.788 rating
The quiet family life of Nels Coxman, a snowplow driver, is upended after his son's murder. Nels begins a vengeful hunt for Viking, the drug lord he holds responsible for the killing, eliminating Viking's associates one by one. As Nels draws closer to Viking, his actions bring even more unexpected and violent consequences, as he proves that revenge is all in the execution.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Tom Bateman, Tom Jackson, Laura Dern, Nicholas Holmes


Scrooged: 1988 | PG-13 | 101 min | 6.8 rating
Frank Cross is a wildly successful television executive whose cold ambition and curmudgeonly nature has driven away the love of his life. But after firing staff member Eliot Loudermilk  on Christmas Eve, Frank is visited by a series of ghosts who give him a chance to re-evaluate his actions and right the wrongs of his past.
Cast: Bill Murray, Karen Allen, John Forsythe, John Glover, Bobcat Goldthwait


Violet Evergarden: The Movie: 2020 | PG | 140 min | 8.317 rating
As the world moves on from the war and technological advances bring changes to her life, Violet still hopes to see her lost commanding officer again.
Cast: Yui Ishikawa, Daisuke Namikawa, Takehito Koyasu, Hidenobu Kiuchi, Haruka Tomatsu


Dad or Mom: 2023 | NR | 110 min | 1.5 rating
Florencia and Vicente are getting divorced. When both are promoted at their jobs, they will do anything in order to do not keep custody of their children.
Cast: Mauricio Ochmann, Silvia Navarro, Axel Madrazo, Aranda Sokol, Erick Terroba García


IF: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The story of a girl who discovers that she can see everyone’s imaginary friends — and what she does with that superpower — as she embarks on a magical adventure to reconnect forgotten IFs with their kids.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, John Krasinski, Cailey Fleming, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Louis Gossett Jr.


From Straight A's to XXX: 2017 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.9 rating
When a change of circumstances leaves Miriam unable to pay her college tuition, she makes a surprising decision: to start performing in adult films, using the pseudonym Belle Knox. Miriam lies to her family and her friends at school, keeping her double life a secret. But soon rumours spread and Miriam becomes the subject of vicious online attacks and unwanted attention. Miriam fights back: she talks to the media, saying her new line of work empowers her as a feminist. But her confident stand has unintended consequences. Miriam is shunned by her conservative family and her colleagues in the adult film world. One impulsive decision has quickly spiralled out of control - and Miriam's problems are just beginning.
Cast: Haley Pullos, Sasha Clements, Judd Nelson, Alyson Bath, Jacky Lai


Science Fiction Volume One: The Osiris Child: 2016 | NR | 95 min | 5.563 rating
Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all.
Cast: Kellan Lutz, Daniel MacPherson, Isabel Lucas, Luke Ford, Rachel Griffiths


Duck Duck Goose: 2018 | PG | 82 min | 6.3 rating
After he’s grounded by an injury, a high-flying bachelor is saddled with two wide-eyed orphans as they come face-to-face with the dangers and beauty of the outside world.
Cast: Jim Gaffigan, Zendaya, Lance Lim, Greg Proops, Natasha Leggero


Instant Family: 2018 | PG-13 | 118 min | 7.5 rating
When Pete and Ellie decide to start a family, they stumble into the world of foster care adoption. They hope to take in one small child but when they meet three siblings, including a rebellious 15 year old girl, they find themselves speeding from zero to three kids overnight.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Rose Byrne, Allyn Rachel, Isabela Merced, Julie Hagerty


Powder: 1995 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.9 rating
Harassed by classmates who won't accept his shocking appearance, a shy young man known as "Powder" struggles to fit in. But the cruel taunts stop when Powder displays a mysterious power that allows him to do incredible things. This phenomenon changes the lives of all those around him in ways they never could have imagined.
Cast: Mary Steenburgen, Sean Patrick Flanery, Lance Henriksen, Jeff Goldblum, Brandon Smith


You Don't Mess with the Zohan: 2008 | PG-13 | 113 min | 5.704 rating
An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist. Zohan's desire runs so deep that he'll do anything -- including faking his own death and going head-to-head with an Arab cab driver -- to make his dreams come true.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Emmanuelle Chriqui, John Turturro, Nick Swardson, Lainie Kazan


Undisputed III: Redemption: 2010 | R | 96 min | 7.6 rating
Russian inmate Boyka, now severely hobbled by the knee injury suffered at the end of Undisputed 2. No longer the feared prison fighter he was, he has declined so far that he is now good only for cleaning toilets. But when a new prison fight tournament begins - an international affair, matching the best fighters from prisons around the globe, enticing them with the promise of freedom for the winner - Boyka must reclaim his dignity and fight for his position in the tournament.
Cast: Scott Adkins, Mykel Shannon Jenkins, Mark Ivanir, Hristo Shopov, Marko Zaror


Disobedience: 2018 | R | 114 min | 6.989 rating
A woman learns about the death of her Orthodox Jewish father, a rabbi. She returns home and has romantic feelings rekindled for her best childhood friend, who is now married to her cousin.
Cast: Rachel Weisz, Rachel McAdams, Alessandro Nivola, Allan Corduner, Anton Lesser


Death Wish: 2018 | R | 107 min | 6.14 rating
A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Vincent D'Onofrio, Dean Norris, Elisabeth Shue, Camila Morrone


Trainspotting: 1996 | R | 94 min | 7.97 rating
Heroin addict Mark Renton stumbles through bad ideas and sobriety attempts with his unreliable friends -- Sick Boy, Begbie, Spud and Tommy. He also has an underage girlfriend, Diane, along for the ride. After cleaning up and moving from Edinburgh to London, Mark finds he can't escape the life he left behind when Begbie shows up at his front door on the lam, and a scheming Sick Boy follows.
Cast: Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd, Robert Carlyle


Pain Hustlers: 2023 | R | 122 min | 6.711 rating
After losing her job, a single mom falls into a lucrative but ultimately dangerous scheme selling prescription drugs.
Cast: Emily Blunt, Chris Evans, Catherine O'Hara, Jay Duplass, Andy García


Resistance: 2020 | R | 120 min | 7.015 rating
The story of mime Marcel Marceau as he works with a group of Jewish boy scouts and the French Resistance to save the lives of ten thousand orphans during World War II.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Ed Harris, Clémence Poésy, Matthias Schweighöfer, Bella Ramsey


The Exorcist: 1973 | R | 122 min | 7.723 rating
Twelve year old Regan MacNeil begins to adapt an explicit new personality as strange events befall the local area of Georgetown. Her mother becomes torn between science and superstition in a desperate bid to save her daughter, and ultimately turns to her last hope: Father Damien Karras, a troubled priest struggling with his own faith.
Cast: Ellen Burstyn, Linda Blair, Jason Miller, Max von Sydow, Lee J. Cobb


Rick and Morty: The Great Yokai Battle of Akihabara: 2021 |  | Runtime NA | 5.714 rating

Cast: 


Black Christmas: 2006 | R | 95 min | 5.164 rating
An escaped maniac returns to his childhood home on Christmas Eve, which is now a sorority house, and begins to murder the sorority sisters one by one.
Cast: Katie Cassidy, Michelle Trachtenberg, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Lacey Chabert, Kristen Cloke


Happiest Season: 2020 | PG-13 | 102 min | 7.3 rating
A young woman's plans to propose to her girlfriend while at her family's annual holiday party are upended when she discovers her partner hasn't yet come out to her conservative parents.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Mackenzie Davis, Alison Brie, Aubrey Plaza, Dan Levy


Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: 1989 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.85 rating
In 1938, an art collector appeals to eminent archaeologist Dr. Indiana Jones to embark on a search for the Holy Grail. Indy learns that a medieval historian has vanished while searching for it, and the missing man is his own father, Dr. Henry Jones Sr.. He sets out to rescue his father by following clues in the old man's notebook, which his father had mailed to him before he went missing. Indy arrives in Venice, where he enlists the help of a beautiful academic, Dr. Elsa Schneider, along with Marcus Brody and Sallah. Together they must stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life and taking over the world!
Cast: Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies


Redcon-1: 2018 | NR | 117 min | 5.7 rating
After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison, the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but, without a cure, it’s only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all… any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders, intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure, a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city, now ruled by the undead, with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds.
Cast: Oris Erhuero, Carlos Gallardo, Mark Strange, Joshua Dickinson, Martyn Ford


Bride of Chucky: 1998 | R | 89 min | 6 rating
After being cut apart by the police, killer doll Chucky is resurrected by Tiffany, an ex-girlfriend of the serial murderer whose soul is inside the toy. Following an argument, Chucky kills Tiffany and transfers her soul into a bride doll. To find the magical amulet that can restore them both to human form, Chucky and Tiffany arrange to be driven to New Jersey by Jesse and Jade, who are unaware that their cargo is alive.
Cast: Jennifer Tilly, Brad Dourif, Katherine Heigl, Nick Stabile, Gordon Michael Woolvett


Beautiful Disaster: 2023 | R | 96 min | 6.603 rating
Bad-boy Travis is exactly what college freshman Abby needs and wants to avoid. He spends his nights fighting in underground boxing matches, and his days as the ultimate college campus charmer. But Abby wants nothing to do with Travis. Intrigued by Abby’s resistance, Travis offers her a simple bet: if he loses his next fight, he must remain sex-free for a month. If he wins, Abby must live in his apartment for the same amount of time. Either way, Travis has no idea that Abby’s dark past is about to emerge, and he may have finally met his match.
Cast: Dylan Sprouse, Virginia Gardner, Austin North, Libe Barer, Rob Estes


Predestination: 2014 | R | 97 min | 7.444 rating
Predestination chronicles the life of a Temporal Agent sent on an intricate series of time-travel journeys designed to prevent future killers from committing their crimes. Now, on his final assignment, the Agent must stop the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time and prevent a devastating attack in which thousands of lives will be lost.
Cast: Ethan Hawke, Sarah Snook, Noah Taylor, Christopher Kirby, Madeleine West


Apocalypto: 2006 | R | 139 min | 7.572 rating
Set in the Mayan civilization, when a man's idyllic presence is brutally disrupted by a violent invading force, he is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to ultimately save his way of life.
Cast: Rudy Youngblood, Raoul Max Trujillo, Gerardo Taracena, Iazua Larios, Antonio Monroy


Lightyear: 2022 | PG | 105 min | 7.035 rating
Legendary Space Ranger Buzz Lightyear embarks on an intergalactic adventure alongside a group of ambitious recruits and his robot companion Sox.
Cast: Chris Evans, Keke Palmer, Peter Sohn, Taika Waititi, Dale Soules


Ben-Hur: 2016 | PG-13 | 125 min | 5.717 rating
A falsely accused nobleman survives years of slavery to take vengeance on his best friend who betrayed him.
Cast: Jack Huston, Pilou Asbæk, Rodrigo Santoro, Morgan Freeman, Ayelet Zurer


Spy: 2015 | R | 120 min | 6.8 rating
A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster.
Cast: Melissa McCarthy, Rose Byrne, Jason Statham, Jude Law, Miranda Hart


Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over: 2003 | PG | 84 min | 5.111 rating
Carmen's caught in a virtual reality game designed by the Kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker. It's up to Juni to save his sister, and ultimately the world.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Holland Taylor, Carla Gugino, Alexa PenaVega, Daryl Sabara


The Final Destination: 2009 | R | 82 min | 5.588 rating
After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers, Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end.
Cast: Bobby Campo, Shantel VanSanten, Mykelti Williamson, Nick Zano, Haley Webb


King Kong: 2005 | PG-13 | 187 min | 6.872 rating
In 1933 New York, an overly ambitious movie producer coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island, where they encounter Kong, a giant ape who is immediately smitten with the leading lady.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Jack Black, Adrien Brody, Andy Serkis, Colin Hanks


Dark Shadows: 2012 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.053 rating
Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Helena Bonham Carter, Eva Green, Jackie Earle Haley


The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run: 2020 | PG | 95 min | 7.5 rating
When his best friend Gary is suddenly snatched away, SpongeBob takes Patrick on a madcap mission far beyond Bikini Bottom to save their pink-shelled pal.
Cast: Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Mr. Lawrence, Keanu Reeves


Hummingbird: 2013 | R | 100 min | 6.172 rating
Homeless and on the run from a military court martial, a damaged ex-special forces soldier navigating London's criminal underworld seizes an opportunity to assume another man's identity, transforming into an avenging angel in the process.
Cast: Jason Statham, Agata Buzek, Vicky McClure, Victoria Bewick, Michelle Lee


Meet Me Under the Mistletoe: 2023 | G | 84 min | 6.3 rating
Two rival realtors are forced to work together to sell one special house before Christmas.
Cast: Sarah Fisher, Simon Arblaster, Paul Essiembre, Ciera Fredborg, Kara Myskiw


Hope's Legacy: 2021 | NR | 103 min | 6.5 rating
Sometimes hope is all you need, but sometimes it can be hard to find. Faced with the death of her beloved grandmother, Lizzie, focused on the farm, her horses and eventing, must learn to stand on her own two feet. With Legacy by her side, can she do it?
Cast: Taylor Lyons, Dyan Cannon, Allen Williamson, Ken Arnold, Jodi Dawson


Fred Claus: 2007 | PG | 116 min | 5.762 rating
Fred Claus and Santa Claus have been estranged brothers for many years. Now Fred must reconcile his differences with his brother whom he believes overshadows him. When an efficiency expert assesses the workings at the North Pole and threatens to shut Santa down, Fred must help his brother to save Christmas.
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Paul Giamatti, John Michael Higgins, Miranda Richardson, Rachel Weisz


Wrong Turn 2: Dead End: 2007 | R | 96 min | 6.1 rating
Retired military commander Colonel Dale Murphy hosts the simulated post-apocalyptic reality show where participants are challenged to survive a remote West Virginia wasteland. But the show turns into a nightmarish showdown when each realizes they are being hunted by an inbred family of cannibals determined to make them all dinner!
Cast: Erica Leerhsen, Henry Rollins, Aleksa Palladino, Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe, Rorelee Tio


Overboard: 2018 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.641 rating
A spoiled, wealthy yacht owner is thrown overboard and becomes the target of revenge from his mistreated employee.
Cast: Anna Faris, Eugenio Derbez, Eva Longoria, John Hannah, Swoosie Kurtz


The Godfather Part III: 1990 | R | 162 min | 7.426 rating
In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 New York and Italy, aging mafia don, Michael Corleone seeks forgiveness for his sins while taking a young protege under his wing.
Cast: Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Andy García, Eli Wallach


Fresh: 2022 |  | 114 min | 7.003 rating
Frustrated by scrolling dating apps only to end up on lame, tedious dates, Noa takes a chance by giving her number to the awkwardly charming Steve after a produce-section meet-cute at the grocery store.
Cast: Daisy Edgar-Jones, Sebastian Stan, Jojo T. Gibbs, Andrea Bang, Dayo Okeniyi


Sherlock Holmes: 2009 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.206 rating
Eccentric consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson battle to bring down a new nemesis and unravel a deadly plot that could destroy England.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law, Rachel McAdams, Mark Strong, Eddie Marsan


Peter Pan: 2003 | PG | 113 min | 7.2 rating
In stifling Edwardian London, Wendy Darling mesmerizes her brothers every night with bedtime tales of swordplay, swashbuckling and the fearsome Captain Hook. But the children become the heroes of an even greater story, when Peter Pan flies into their nursery one night and leads them over moonlit rooftops through a galaxy of stars and to the lush jungles of Neverland.
Cast: Jason Isaacs, Jeremy Sumpter, Rachel Hurd-Wood, Lynn Redgrave, Richard Briers


Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance): 2014 | R | 120 min | 7.469 rating
A fading actor best known for his portrayal of a popular superhero attempts to mount a comeback by appearing in a Broadway play. As opening night approaches, his attempts to become more altruistic, rebuild his career, and reconnect with friends and family prove more difficult than expected.
Cast: Michael Keaton, Emma Stone, Zach Galifianakis, Edward Norton, Andrea Riseborough


Jack Frost: 1998 | PG | 101 min | 5.982 rating
A father, who can't keep his promises, dies in a car accident. One year later, he returns as a snowman, who has the final chance to put things right with his son before he is gone forever.
Cast: Michael Keaton, Kelly Preston, Mark Addy, Joseph Cross, Henry Rollins


Unwelcome: 2023 | R | 104 min | 5.96 rating
Londoners Maya and Jamie escape their urban nightmare to the tranquility of rural Ireland only to discover malevolent, murderous goblins lurking in the gnarled, ancient wood at the foot of their new garden. When heavily pregnant Maya’s relationship with a local family turns sour, who – or what – will come to her rescue and to what extremes will she go to protect her unborn child?
Cast: Hannah John-Kamen, Douglas Booth, Jamie Lee O'Donnell, Chris Walley, Kristian Nairn


Jigsaw: 2017 | R | 92 min | 6.225 rating
Dead bodies begin to turn up all over the city, each meeting their demise in a variety of grisly ways. All investigations begin to point the finger at deceased killer John Kramer.
Cast: Matt Passmore, Tobin Bell, Callum Keith Rennie, Hannah Anderson, Clé Bennett


Along with the Gods: The Two Worlds: 2017 | NR | 139 min | 8.106 rating
Having died unexpectedly, firefighter Ja-hong is taken to the afterlife by 3 afterlife guardians. Only when he passes 7 trials over 49 days and proves he was innocent in human life, he’s able to reincarnate, and his 3 afterlife guardians are by his side to defend him in trial.
Cast: Ha Jung-woo, Cha Tae-hyun, Ju Ji-hoon, Kim Hyang-gi, Lee Jung-jae


The Silencing: 2020 | R | 93 min | 6.485 rating
A reformed hunter becomes involved in a deadly game of cat and mouse when he and the local sheriff set out to track a vicious killer who may have kidnapped his daughter years ago.
Cast: Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Annabelle Wallis, Zahn McClarnon, Melanie Scrofano, Hero Fiennes Tiffin


Lilo & Stitch: 2002 | PG | 85 min | 7.521 rating
As Stitch, a runaway genetic experiment from a faraway planet, wreaks havoc on the Hawaiian Islands, he becomes the mischievous adopted alien "puppy" of an independent little girl named Lilo and learns about loyalty, friendship, and ʻohana, the Hawaiian tradition of family.
Cast: Daveigh Chase, Chris Sanders, Tia Carrere, David Ogden Stiers, Kevin McDonald


Babylon 5: The Road Home: 2023 | PG-13 | 80 min | 6.851 rating
Travel across the galaxy with John Sheridan as he unexpectedly finds himself transported through multiple timelines and alternate realities in a quest to find his way back home. Along the way he reunites with some familiar faces, while discovering cosmic new revelations about the history, purpose, and meaning of the Universe.
Cast: Bruce Boxleitner, Claudia Christian, Peter Jurasik, Bill Mumy, Tracy Scoggins


Terrifier: 2018 |  | 84 min | 6.497 rating
On Halloween night, a young woman finds herself as the obsession of a sadistic murderer known as Art the Clown.
Cast: David Howard Thornton, Jenna Kanell, Samantha Scaffidi, Catherine Corcoran, Pooya Mohseni


Surrogates: 2009 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6.1 rating
Set in a futuristic world where humans live in isolation and interact through surrogate robots, a cop is forced to leave his home for the first time in years in order to investigate the murders of others' surrogates.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Radha Mitchell, Rosamund Pike, James Cromwell, Ving Rhames


In Time: 2011 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.957 rating
In the not-too-distant future the aging gene has been switched off. To avoid overpopulation, time has become the currency and the way people pay for luxuries and necessities. The rich can live forever, while the rest try to negotiate for their immortality. A poor young man who comes into a fortune of time, though too late to help his mother from dying. He ends up on the run from a corrupt police force known as 'time keepers'.
Cast: Justin Timberlake, Amanda Seyfried, Cillian Murphy, Olivia Wilde, Alex Pettyfer


Fear the Night: 2023 |  | 92 min | 6.33 rating
During a bachelorette party in a secluded California farmhouse, masked intruders launch a brutal attack, forcing eight women to fight for survival. Led by Tess, a troubled military veteran, they unite to defend themselves throughout a harrowing night.
Cast: Maggie Q, Kat Foster, Travis Hammer, Gia Crovatin, Brenda Meaney


Die Hard: With a Vengeance: 1995 | R | 128 min | 7.257 rating
New York detective John McClane is back and kicking bad-guy butt in the third installment of this action-packed series, which finds him teaming with civilian Zeus Carver to prevent the loss of innocent lives. McClane thought he'd seen it all, until a genius named Simon engages McClane, his new "partner" -- and his beloved city -- in a deadly game that demands their concentration.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson, Jeremy Irons, Larry Bryggman, Graham Greene


Honest Thief: 2020 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.521 rating
A bank robber tries to turn himself in because he's falling in love and wants to live an honest life...but when he realizes the Feds are more corrupt than him, he must fight back to clear his name.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Kate Walsh, Jai Courtney, Jeffrey Donovan, Robert Patrick


Straight Outta Compton: 2015 | R | 147 min | 7.786 rating
In 1987, five young men, using brutally honest rhymes and hardcore beats, put their frustration and anger about life in the most dangerous place in America into the most powerful weapon they had: their music.  Taking us back to where it all began, Straight Outta Compton tells the true story of how these cultural rebels—armed only with their lyrics, swagger, bravado and raw talent—stood up to the authorities that meant to keep them down and formed the world’s most dangerous group, N.W.A.  And as they spoke the truth that no one had before and exposed life in the hood, their voice ignited a social revolution that is still reverberating today.
Cast: O'Shea Jackson Jr., Corey Hawkins, Jason Mitchell, Neil Brown Jr., Aldis Hodge


Evil Dead: 2013 | R | 91 min | 6.522 rating
Mia, a drug addict, is determined to kick the habit. To that end, she asks her brother, David, his girlfriend, Natalie and their friends Olivia (Jessica Lucas) and Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci) to accompany her to their family's remote forest cabin to help her through withdrawal. Eric finds a mysterious Book of the Dead at the cabin and reads aloud from it, awakening an ancient demon. All hell breaks loose when the malevolent entity possesses Mia.
Cast: Jane Levy, Shiloh Fernandez, Lou Taylor Pucci, Jessica Lucas, Elizabeth Blackmore


Independence Day: 1996 | PG-13 | 145 min | 6.872 rating
On July 2, a giant alien mothership enters orbit around Earth and deploys several dozen saucer-shaped 'destroyer' spacecraft that quickly lay waste to major cities around the planet. On July 3, the United States conducts a coordinated counterattack that fails. On July 4, a plan is devised to gain access to the interior of the alien mothership in space, in order to plant a nuclear missile.
Cast: Will Smith, Bill Pullman, Jeff Goldblum, Mary McDonnell, Judd Hirsch


Dead Mine: 2012 | NC-17 | 91 min | 4.5 rating
The legend of Yamashita's Gold lures a treasure hunter and his group deep into the Indonesian jungle. Once they are trapped in an abandoned World War II Japanese bunker, they face the terrifying reality that the only way out is to go further in.
Cast: Miki Mizuno, Sam Hazeldine, Ario Bayu, Les Loveday, Carmen Soo


Puss in Boots: 2011 | PG | 90 min | 6.553 rating
Long before he even met Shrek, the notorious fighter, lover and outlaw Puss in Boots becomes a hero when he sets off on an adventure with the tough and street smart Kitty Softpaws and the mastermind Humpty Dumpty to save his town. This is the true story of The Cat, The Myth, The Legend... The Boots.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek Pinault, Zach Galifianakis, Billy Bob Thornton, Amy Sedaris


Scrooge: A Christmas Carol: 2022 |  | 97 min | 6.758 rating
On a cold Christmas Eve, selfish miser Ebenezer Scrooge has one night left to face his past — and change the future — before time runs out.
Cast: Luke Evans, Olivia Colman, Jessie Buckley, Johnny Flynn, Fra Fee


The Fifth Element: 1997 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.535 rating
In 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Milla Jovovich, Gary Oldman, Ian Holm, Chris Tucker


The Passion of the Christ: 2004 | R | 127 min | 7.463 rating
A graphic portrayal of the last twelve hours of Jesus of Nazareth's life.
Cast: Jim Caviezel, Maia Morgenstern, Christo Jivkov, Francesco De Vito, Monica Bellucci


Spy Kids: 2001 | PG | 88 min | 5.785 rating
Carmen and Juni think their parents are boring. Little do they know that in their day, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez were the top secret agents from their respective countries. They gave up that life to raise their children. Now, the disappearances of several of their old colleagues forces the Cortez' return from retirement. What they didn't count on was Carmen and Juni joining the "family business."
Cast: Alexa PenaVega, Daryl Sabara, Antonio Banderas, Carla Gugino, Alan Cumming


Divergent: 2014 | PG-13 | 139 min | 6.923 rating
In a world divided into factions based on personality types, Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late.
Cast: Shailene Woodley, Theo James, Zoë Kravitz, Miles Teller, Jai Courtney


Shrek the Halls: 2007 | PG | 28 min | 6.339 rating
The Christmas tree isn't the only thing green in this new holiday classic. Shrek is back and trying to get into the spirit of the season. After promising Fiona and the kids a Christmas they'll remember, he is forced to take a crash course in the holiday. But just when he thinks he has everything for their quiet family Christmas just right, there is a knock at the door.
Cast: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Cody Cameron


Bohemian Rhapsody: 2018 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.994 rating
Singer Freddie Mercury, guitarist Brian May, drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control, Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet – finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess.
Cast: Rami Malek, Gwilym Lee, Ben Hardy, Joseph Mazzello, Lucy Boynton


The Cat in the Hat: 2003 | PG | 81 min | 5.297 rating
During a rainy day, and while their mother is out, Conrad and Sally, and their pet fish, are visited by the mischievous Cat in the Hat. Fun soon turns to mayhem, and the siblings must figure out how to rid themselves of the maniacal Cat.
Cast: Mike Myers, Dakota Fanning, Spencer Breslin, Kelly Preston, Alec Baldwin


Zombieland: 2009 | R | 88 min | 7.262 rating
Columbus has made a habit of running from what scares him. Tallahassee doesn't have fears. If he did, he'd kick their ever-living ass. In a world overrun by zombies, these two are perfectly evolved survivors. But now, they're about to stare down the most terrifying prospect of all: each other.
Cast: Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone, Abigail Breslin, Amber Heard


The Greatest Beer Run Ever: 2022 | R | 126 min | 7.635 rating
Chickie wants to support his friends fighting in Vietnam, so he does something wild—personally bring them American beer. What starts as a well-meaning journey quickly changes Chickie’s life and perspective. Based on a true story.
Cast: Zac Efron, Russell Crowe, Kyle Allen, Bill Murray, Jake Picking


Love and Monsters: 2020 | PG-13 | 109 min | 7.335 rating
Seven years since the Monsterpocalypse began, Joel Dawson has been living underground in order to survive. But after reconnecting over radio with his high school girlfriend Aimee, Joel decides to venture out to reunite with her, despite all the dangerous monsters that stand in his way.
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Jessica Henwick, Michael Rooker, Dan Ewing, Ariana Greenblatt


Godmothered: 2020 | PG | 113 min | 6.808 rating
A young and unskilled fairy godmother that ventures out on her own to prove her worth by tracking down a young girl whose request for help was ignored. What she discovers is that the girl has now become a grown woman in need of something very different than a "prince charming."
Cast: Jillian Bell, Isla Fisher, Santiago Cabrera, Mary Elizabeth Ellis, Jane Curtin


Pinocchio: 1940 | G | 88 min | 7.104 rating
When loving Geppetto creates a wooden puppet, his wish is granted when it comes to life as a little wooden boy named Pinocchio. With his faithful friend and conscience Jiminy Cricket by his side, Pinocchio, embarks on fantastic adventures that his bravery, loyalty and honesty until triumphs in his triumphs in his quest for his heart's desire: to become a real boy.
Cast: Dickie Jones, Cliff Edwards, Christian Rub, Evelyn Venable, Walter Catlett


Enola Holmes 2: 2022 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.535 rating
Now a detective-for-hire like her infamous brother, Enola Holmes takes on her first official case to find a missing girl, as the sparks of a dangerous conspiracy ignite a mystery that requires the help of friends — and Sherlock himself — to unravel.
Cast: Millie Bobby Brown, Henry Cavill, David Thewlis, Louis Partridge, Susan Wokoma


Malena: 2000 | R | 109 min | 7.431 rating
During WWII, a teenage boy discovering himself becomes love-stricken by Malèna, a sensual woman living in a small, narrow-minded Italian town.
Cast: Monica Bellucci, Giuseppe Sulfaro, Luciano Federico, Matilde Piana, Pietro Notarianni


Spirit Untamed: 2021 | PG | 88 min | 7.253 rating
Lucky Prescott's life is changed forever when she moves from her home in the city to a small frontier town and befriends a wild mustang named Spirit.
Cast: Isabela Merced, Julianne Moore, Marsai Martin, Mckenna Grace, Walton Goggins


Barbie: Princess Charm School: 2011 | G | 79 min | 7.5 rating
Barbie stars as Blair Willows, a kind-hearted girl who is chosen to attend Princess Charm School: a magical, modern place that teaches dancing, how to have tea parties, and proper princess manners. Blair loves her classes -- as well as the helpful magical sprites and her new friends, Princesses Hadley and Isla. But when royal teacher Dame Devin discovers that Blair looks a lot like the kingdom’s missing princess, she turns Blair’s world upside down to stop her from claiming the throne. Now Blair, Hadley and Delancy must find an enchanted crown to prove Blair’s true identity in this charming and magical princess story!
Cast: Diana Kaarina, Morwenna Banks, Nicole Oliver, Brittney Wilson, Ali Liebert


Annabelle: Creation: 2017 | R | 110 min | 6.599 rating
Several years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation—Annabelle.
Cast: Stephanie Sigman, Talitha Bateman, Lulu Wilson, Anthony LaPaglia, Miranda Otto


The Emperor's New Groove: 2000 | G | 78 min | 7.549 rating
Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor, Yzma, tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama, who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house, and so they form an unlikely partnership.
Cast: David Spade, John Goodman, Eartha Kitt, Patrick Warburton, Wendie Malick


King Kong: 1976 | PG | 134 min | 6.201 rating
An oil company expedition disturbs the peace of a giant ape and brings him back to New York to exploit him.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Jessica Lange, Charles Grodin, John Randolph, René Auberjonois


City of God: 2002 | R | 130 min | 8.432 rating
In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin.
Cast: Alexandre Rodrigues, Leandro Firmino, Phellipe Haagensen, Douglas Silva, Jonathan Haagensen


Men in Black 3: 2012 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.515 rating
Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black, but nothing, not even aliens, perplexes him as much as his wry, reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake, Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner, the agency, and the future of humankind.
Cast: Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Josh Brolin, Jemaine Clement, Emma Thompson


Last Call for Istanbul: 2023 | R | 91 min | 6.44 rating
A chance meeting at the airport leads two married people to an unforgettable night full of excitement, desire, and temptation in New York City.
Cast: Beren Saat, Kıvanç Tatlıtuğ, Senan Kara, Zihan Zhao, Michael Loayza


Spartacus: 1960 | PG-13 | 197 min | 7.5 rating
The rebellious Thracian Spartacus, born and raised a slave, is sold to Gladiator trainer Batiatus. After weeks of being trained to kill for the arena, Spartacus turns on his owners and leads the other slaves in rebellion. As the rebels move from town to town, their numbers swell as escaped slaves join their ranks. Under the leadership of Spartacus, they make their way to southern Italy, where they will cross the sea and return to their homes.
Cast: Kirk Douglas, Laurence Olivier, Jean Simmons, Charles Laughton, Peter Ustinov


Mechanic: Resurrection: 2016 | R | 98 min | 5.982 rating
Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best, make them look like accidents.
Cast: Jason Statham, Jessica Alba, Tommy Lee Jones, Michelle Yeoh, Natalie Burn


50 First Dates: 2004 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.855 rating
Henry is a player skilled at seducing women. But when this veterinarian meets Lucy, a girl with a quirky problem when it comes to total recall, he realizes it's possible to fall in love all over again…and again, and again. That's because the delightful Lucy has no short-term memory, so Henry must woo her day after day until he finally sweeps her off her feet.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Drew Barrymore, Rob Schneider, Sean Astin, Lusia Strus


Lawless: 2012 | R | 115 min | 7.046 rating
In 1931, the Bondurant brothers of Franklin County, Virginia, run a multipurpose backwoods establishment that hides their true business — bootlegging. Middle brother Forrest is the brain of the operation; older Howard is the brawn, and younger Jack, the lookout. Though the local police have taken bribes and left the brothers alone, a violent war erupts when a sadistic lawman from Chicago arrives and tries to shut down the Bondurants operation.
Cast: Shia LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, Gary Oldman, Guy Pearce, Jason Clarke


Hellraiser: 2022 | R | 121 min | 6.256 rating
A young woman struggling with addiction comes into possession of an ancient puzzle box, unaware that its purpose is to summon the Cenobites, a group of sadistic supernatural beings from another dimension.
Cast: Odessa A'zion, Jamie Clayton, Adam Faison, Drew Starkey, Brandon Flynn


Cold Eyes: 2013 | NR | 119 min | 7.494 rating
Ha Yoon-ju becomes the newest member of a unit within the Korean Police Forces Special Crime Department that specializes in surveillance activities on high-profile criminals. She teams up with Hwang Sang-jun, the veteran leader of the unit, and tries to track down James who is the cold-hearted leader of an armed criminal organization.
Cast: Jung Woo-sung, Sol Kyung-gu, Han Hyo-joo, Jin Kyung, Lee Jun-ho


The Thing: 1982 | R | 109 min | 8.051 rating
A team of American scientists investigate the empty, destroyed base of their Norwegian counterparts in Antarctica, only to discover a terrifying life force that can take the form of its prey.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Keith David, Wilford Brimley, T.K. Carter, David Clennon


Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron: 2002 | G | 83 min | 7.696 rating
As a wild stallion travels across the frontiers of the Old West, he befriends a young human and finds true love with a mare.
Cast: Matt Damon, James Cromwell, Charles Napier, Robert Cait, Richard McGonagle


The Living Daylights: 1987 | PG | 130 min | 6.513 rating
After a defecting Russian general reveals a plot to assassinate foreign spies, James Bond is assigned a secret mission to dispatch the new head of the KGB to prevent an escalation of tensions between the Soviet Union and the West.
Cast: Timothy Dalton, Maryam d'Abo, Joe Don Baker, Art Malik, John Rhys-Davies


Fathers and Daughters: 2015 | R | 116 min | 7.153 rating
A Pulitzer-winning writer grapples with being a widower and father after a mental breakdown, while, 27 years later, his grown daughter struggles to forge connections of her own.
Cast: Amanda Seyfried, Russell Crowe, Aaron Paul, Diane Kruger, Jane Fonda


Texas Chainsaw Massacre: 2022 | R | 83 min | 5.21 rating
After nearly 50 years of hiding, Leatherface returns to terrorize a group of idealistic influencers who accidentally disrupt his carefully shielded world in a remote Texas town.
Cast: Sarah Yarkin, Elsie Fisher, Mark Burnham, Jacob Latimore, Moe Dunford


Need for Speed: 2014 | PG-13 | 132 min | 6.4 rating
The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate, only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out, he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme, he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head, forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles.
Cast: Aaron Paul, Dominic Cooper, Imogen Poots, Kid Cudi, Rami Malek


Imagine Me & You: 2006 | R | 93 min | 7.585 rating
During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce.
Cast: Piper Perabo, Lena Headey, Matthew Goode, Celia Imrie, Anthony Stewart Head


The Little Witch: 2018 | NR | 105 min | 6.925 rating
The little witch is only 127 years old – too young for the annual coven of witches. Although she is not yet old enough to be a real witch she wants to become a really good one. This decision causes trouble inside her magic world.
Cast: Karoline Herfurth, Axel Prahl, Luis Vorbach, Momo Beier, Michael Gempart


G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra: 2009 | PG-13 | 118 min | 5.767 rating
From the Egyptian desert to deep below the polar ice caps, the elite G.I. JOE team uses the latest in next-generation spy and military equipment to fight the corrupt arms dealer Destro and the growing threat of the mysterious Cobra organization to prevent them from plunging the world into chaos.
Cast: Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Christopher Eccleston, Lee Byung-hun, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Sienna Miller


Dark Harvest: 2023 | R | 96 min | 5.967 rating
In a small Midwestern town, a deadly annual ritual unfolds when the mythical nightmare, Sawtooth Jack, rises from the cornfields and challenges the town’s teenage boys in a bloody battle of survival.
Cast: Casey Likes, Emyri Crutchfield, Jeremy Davies, Dustin Ceithamer, Elizabeth Reaser


A Most Violent Year: 2014 | R | 124 min | 6.597 rating
A thriller set in New York City during the winter of 1981, statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history, and centered on the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence, decay, and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Jessica Chastain, David Oyelowo, Alessandro Nivola, Elyes Gabel


Chestnut: Hero of Central Park: 2004 | G | 87 min | 7.243 rating
Ray and Sal, two orphaned sisters, adopt and hide a Great Dane puppy from their two adopted parents living in a luxury downtown New York apartment that expressely forbids dogs.
Cast: Abigail Breslin, Makenzie Vega, Irene Olga López, Louis Ferreira, Christine Tucci


Sentinelle: 2023 |  | 98 min | 5.259 rating
François Sentinelle has two lives. By day, he is the most famous cop of Réunion Island, known for his tough methods and flowery shirts, pursuing criminals in his famous yellow defender. But the rest of the time, Sentinelle is also a charming singer.
Cast: Jonathan Cohen, Raphaël Quenard, Emmanuelle Bercot, Gustave Kervern, Ramzy Bedia


There's Something Wrong with the Children: 2023 | NR | 92 min | 5.918 rating
Margaret and Ben take a weekend trip with longtime friends Ellie and Thomas and their two young children. Eventually, Ben begins to suspect something supernatural is occurring when the kids behave strangely after disappearing into the woods overnight.
Cast: Zach Gilford, Alisha Wainwright, Amanda Crew, Carlos Santos, Briella Guiza


Emmanuelle 3: 1977 | NC-17 | 100 min | 4.4 rating
Emmanuelle and her architect husband continue their amoral lifestyle in the Seychelles. But when a casual dilliance between her and a film director starts to turn serious her husband shows very traditional signs of jealousy.
Cast: Sylvia Kristel, Umberto Orsini, Jean-Pierre Bouvier, Alexandra Stewart, Olga Georges-Picot


Heatwave: 2022 | R | 100 min | 6.599 rating
A woman's life takes an unexpected turn when she falls for her boss's wife. She must soon defend herself as she becomes entangled in a web of malice.
Cast: Kat Graham, Merritt Patterson, Sebastian Roché, Cardi Wong, Roger Cross


Women in Cellblock 9: 1978 | NR | 75 min | 4.5 rating
A group of female freedom-fighters led by Karine Levere is caught by the warden of a women's prison, located somwhere in the South American jungle. None of them will reveal the secrets of their organisation or the names of their collaborators in the cities, so they are handed over to Dr. Costa who, after four years inactivity in Europe, is delighted to be able to practice his torture techniques once more.  Laverne fails to resist the inhuman treatments and reveals all. The only hope of saving the organization is for the girls to warn the city cell before it's too late. They trick the prison guard into having sex with them, knock him out and break out of prison. The warden and Dr. Costa must prevent them from revealing the practices inside the prison. The hunt is on and it's shoot to kill...
Cast: Karine Gambier, Howard Vernon, Susan Hemingway, Aida Gouveia, Esther Studer


Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle: 2003 | PG-13 | 106 min | 5.466 rating
The Angels are charged with finding a pair of missing rings that are encoded with the personal information of members of the Witness Protection Program. As informants are killed, the ladies target a rogue agent who might be responsible.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Lucy Liu, Demi Moore, Bernie Mac


Hard Target: 1993 | R | 97 min | 6.336 rating
When a woman's father goes missing, she enlists a local to aid in her search.  The pair soon discover that her father has died at the hands of a wealthy sportsman who hunts homeless men as a form of recreation.
Cast: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Arnold Vosloo, Lance Henriksen, Yancy Butler, Sven-Ole Thorsen


Zero Fucks Given: 2022 | NR | 116 min | 6.496 rating
Cassandre, 26, is a flight attendant for a low-cost airline. Based in Lanzarote, she’s always willing to take on extra hours and carries out her duties with robotic efficiency. On the side, she just goes with the flow and floats between Tinder, parties and lazy days. When she suddenly gets dismissed, she is forced to return home.
Cast: Adèle Exarchopoulos, Alexandre Perrier, Mara Taquin, Arthur Egloff, Tamara Al Saadi


Roald Dahl's The Witches: 2020 | PG | 106 min | 6.385 rating
In late 1967, a young orphaned boy goes to live with his loving grandma in the rural Alabama town of Demopolis. As the boy and his grandmother encounter some deceptively glamorous but thoroughly diabolical witches, she wisely whisks him away to a seaside resort. Regrettably, they arrive at precisely the same time that the world's Grand High Witch has gathered.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Octavia Spencer, Stanley Tucci, Jahzir Bruno, Chris Rock


Pretty Woman: 1990 | R | 119 min | 7.456 rating
When a millionaire wheeler-dealer enters a business contract with a Hollywood hooker Vivian Ward, he loses his heart in the bargain.
Cast: Richard Gere, Julia Roberts, Ralph Bellamy, Jason Alexander, Laura San Giacomo


Bitter Moon: 1992 | R | 139 min | 7.103 rating
A passenger on a cruise ship develops an irresistible infatuation with an eccentric paraplegic's wife.
Cast: Peter Coyote, Emmanuelle Seigner, Hugh Grant, Kristin Scott Thomas, Victor Banerjee


9: 2009 | PG-13 | 79 min | 6.909 rating
When 9 first comes to life, he finds himself in a post-apocalyptic world. All humans are gone, and it is only by chance that he discovers a small community of others like him taking refuge from fearsome machines that roam the earth intent on their extinction. Despite being the neophyte of the group, 9 convinces the others that hiding will do them no good.
Cast: Elijah Wood, Jennifer Connelly, Crispin Glover, Christopher Plummer, Martin Landau


Jumanji: The Next Level: 2019 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.92 rating
As the gang return to Jumanji to rescue one of their own, they discover that nothing is as they expect. The players will have to brave parts unknown and unexplored in order to escape the world’s most dangerous game.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Jack Black, Karen Gillan, Awkwafina


Wonder Woman 1984: 2020 | PG-13 | 151 min | 6.47 rating
A botched store robbery places Wonder Woman in a global battle against a powerful and mysterious ancient force that puts her powers in jeopardy.
Cast: Gal Gadot, Chris Pine, Kristen Wiig, Pedro Pascal, Robin Wright


Edward Scissorhands: 1990 | PG-13 | 105 min | 7.716 rating
A small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named Edward.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Winona Ryder, Dianne Wiest, Alan Arkin, Anthony Michael Hall


Cinderella: 2021 | PG | 113 min | 6.431 rating
Cinderella, an orphaned girl with an evil stepmother, has big dreams and with the help of her Fabulous Godmother, she perseveres to make them come true.
Cast: Camila Cabello, Nicholas Galitzine, Idina Menzel, Billy Porter, Pierce Brosnan


Gnomeo & Juliet: 2011 | G | 84 min | 5.863 rating
A version of Shakespeare's play, set in the world of warring indoor and outdoor gnomes. Garden gnomes Gnomeo and Juliet have as many obstacles to overcome as their quasi namesakes when they are caught up in a feud between neighbors. But with plastic pink flamingos and lawnmower races in the mix, can this young couple find lasting happiness?
Cast: James McAvoy, Emily Blunt, Michael Caine, Maggie Smith, Julie Walters


The Shape of Water: 2017 | R | 123 min | 7.248 rating
An other-worldly story, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962, where a mute janitor working at a lab falls in love with an amphibious man being held captive there and devises a plan to help him escape.
Cast: Sally Hawkins, Doug Jones, Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Octavia Spencer


Carol: 2015 | R | 118 min | 7.492 rating
In 1950s New York, a department-store clerk who dreams of a better life falls for an older, married woman.
Cast: Cate Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Kyle Chandler, Jake Lacy, Sarah Paulson


The Book of Wonders: 2023 | NR | 98 min | 6.5 rating
This is the crazy bet of a mother ready to do anything to help her 12-year-old son, Louis, wake up from his coma. After Louis' accident, Thelma decides to do for him the "10 things to do before the end of the world" that he had written in his diary. By listening to these adventures, Louis will see how beautiful life is and that he must come back! By fulfilling a teenager's dreams at the age of forty, Thelma will experience an incredible journey that will take her farther than she ever imagined.
Cast: Alexandra Lamy, Muriel Robin, Hugo Questel, Xavier Lacaille, Martine Schambacher


The Return of the Living Dead: 1985 | R | 91 min | 7.14 rating
When foreman Frank shows new employee Freddy a secret military experiment in a supply warehouse in Louisville, Kentucky, the two klutzes accidentally release a gas that reanimates corpses into flesh-eating zombies. As the epidemic spreads throughout the town, and the creatures satisfy their hunger in gory and outlandish ways, Frank and Freddy fight to survive with the help of their boss and a mysterious mortician.
Cast: Clu Gulager, James Karen, Don Calfa, Thom Mathews, Miguel A. Núñez Jr.


Everest: 2015 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.816 rating
Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain, "Everest" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet, the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival.
Cast: Jason Clarke, Josh Brolin, John Hawkes, Sam Worthington, Emily Watson


Crash: 2005 | R | 112 min | 7.227 rating
In post-Sept. 11 Los Angeles, tensions erupt when the lives of a Brentwood housewife, her district attorney husband, a Persian shopkeeper, two cops, a pair of carjackers and a Korean couple converge during a 36-hour period.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Don Cheadle, Matt Dillon, Michael Peña, Jennifer Esposito


22 Jump Street: 2014 | R | 112 min | 6.84 rating
After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them.
Cast: Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Peter Stormare, Wyatt Russell, Amber Stevens West


Soulcatcher: 2023 | R | 99 min | 6.543 rating
A military contractor hired to seize a weapon that turns people into savage killers seeks revenge when his brother falls victim to the device.
Cast: Piotr Witkowski, Jacek Koman, Jacek Poniedziałek, Mariusz Bonaszewski, Aleksandra Adamska


Secret Society 3: 'Til Death: 2023 |  | 80 min | 0 rating

Cast: Reyna Love, Tyler Hopkins, Nadia adelay


Paddington 2: 2017 | PG | 104 min | 7.46 rating
Paddington, now happily settled with the Browns, picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy, but it is stolen.
Cast: Ben Whishaw, Sally Hawkins, Hugh Grant, Hugh Bonneville, Brendan Gleeson


Daddy's Home: 2015 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.269 rating
The story of a mild-mannered radio executive who strives to become the best stepdad ever to his wife's two children, but complications ensue when their freewheeling, freeloading real father arrives, forcing stepdad to compete for the affection of the kids.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Linda Cardellini, Thomas Haden Church, Scarlett Estevez


12 Angry Men: 1957 | NR | 97 min | 8.546 rating
The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other.
Cast: Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb, E.G. Marshall, Jack Klugman


Army of the Dead: 2021 | R | 148 min | 6.245 rating
Following a zombie outbreak in Las Vegas, a group of mercenaries take the ultimate gamble: venturing into the quarantine zone to pull off the greatest heist ever attempted.
Cast: Dave Bautista, Ella Purnell, Omari Hardwick, Ana de la Reguera, Theo Rossi


American Made: 2017 | R | 115 min | 6.87 rating
The true story of pilot Barry Seal, who transported contraband for the CIA and the Medellin cartel in the 1980s.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Sarah Wright, Domhnall Gleeson, Alejandro Edda, Jesse Plemons


Wrong Turn: 2003 | R | 84 min | 6.35 rating
Chris crashes into a carload of other young people, and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia, where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding.
Cast: Eliza Dushku, Desmond Harrington, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Julian Richings, Lindy Booth


Truth or Dare: 2018 | PG-13 | 101 min | 5.964 rating
A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone—or something—begins to punish those who tell a lie—or refuse the dare.
Cast: Lucy Hale, Violett Beane, Tyler Posey, Hayden Szeto, Aurora Perrineau


No Manches Frida 2: 2019 |  | 102 min | 7.984 rating
Ex-con Zequi and company come back for a new adventure.
Cast: Omar Chaparro, Martha Higareda, Carla Adell, Fernanda Castillo, Regina Pavón


Transfusion: 2023 |  | 105 min | 6.112 rating
Ryan Logan, a former Special Forces operative, is battling to cope with life after the loss of his wife.  He is thrusted into the criminal underworld to keep his only son from being taken from him.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Matt Nable, Phoebe Tonkin, Edward Carmody, Susie Porter


Mission: Impossible: 1996 | PG-13 | 110 min | 7 rating
When Ethan Hunt, the leader of a crack espionage team whose perilous operation has gone awry with no explanation, discovers that a mole has penetrated the CIA, he's surprised to learn that he's the No. 1 suspect. To clear his name, Hunt now must ferret out the real double agent and, in the process, even the score.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Jon Voight, Emmanuelle Béart, Henry Czerny, Jean Reno


Constantine: 2005 | R | 121 min | 7.073 rating
John Constantine has literally been to Hell and back. When he teams up with a policewoman to solve the mysterious suicide of her twin sister, their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Rachel Weisz, Shia LaBeouf, Djimon Hounsou, Max Baker


Bed Rest: 2023 | R | 90 min | 6.43 rating
After struggling to start a family, Julie Rivers becomes pregnant and moves into a new home with her husband. She's ordered to mandatory bed rest, and begins seeing ghostly happenings throughout the house.
Cast: Melissa Barrera, Guy Burnet, Edie Inksetter, Sebastian Billingsley-Rodriguez, Erik Athavale


Saw VI: 2009 | R | 90 min | 6.279 rating
Special Agent Strahm is dead, and Detective Hoffman has emerged as the unchallenged successor to Jigsaw's legacy. However, when the FBI draws closer to Hoffman, he is forced to set a game into motion, and Jigsaw's grand scheme is finally understood.
Cast: Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Mark Rolston, Betsy Russell, Shawnee Smith


Die Hard 2: 1990 | R | 124 min | 6.93 rating
Off-duty cop John McClane is gripped with a feeling of déjà vu when, on a snowy Christmas Eve in the nation’s capital, terrorists seize a major international airport, holding thousands of holiday travelers hostage. Renegade military commandos led by a murderous rogue officer plot to rescue a drug lord from justice and are prepared for every contingency except one: McClane’s smart-mouthed heroics.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, William Sadler, Art Evans, Dennis Franz


Blade Runner: 1982 | R | 118 min | 7.933 rating
In the smog-choked dystopian Los Angeles of 2019, blade runner Rick Deckard is called out of retirement to terminate a quartet of replicants who have escaped to Earth seeking their creator for a way to extend their short life spans.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh


Prizefighter: The Life of Jem Belcher: 2022 |  | 106 min | 6.34 rating
At the turn of the 19th century, Pugilism was the sport of kings and a gifted young boxer fought his way to becoming champion of England.
Cast: Matt Hookings, Ray Winstone, Jodhi May, Marton Csokas, Russell Crowe


Renfield: 2023 | R | 93 min | 6.671 rating
Having grown sick and tired of his centuries as Dracula's lackey, Renfield finds a new lease on life — and maybe even redemption — when he falls for feisty, perennially angry traffic cop Rebecca Quincy.
Cast: Nicholas Hoult, Nicolas Cage, Awkwafina, Ben Schwartz, Shohreh Aghdashloo


Trouble with the Curve: 2012 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.958 rating
Slowed by age and failing eyesight, crack baseball scout Gus Lobel takes his grown daughter along as he checks out the final prospect of his career. Along the way, the two renew their bond, and she catches the eye of a young player-turned-scout.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Amy Adams, Justin Timberlake, Matthew Lillard, Jack Gilpin


Deep Water: 2022 | R | 116 min | 5.76 rating
Vic and Melinda Van Allen are a couple in the small town of Little Wesley. Their loveless marriage is held together only by a precarious arrangement whereby, in order to avoid the messiness of divorce, Melinda is allowed to take any number of lovers as long as she does not desert her family.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Ana de Armas, Tracy Letts, Lil Rel Howery, Dash Mihok


Outcast: 2014 |  | 98 min | 5.1 rating
A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel brother, who seeks their deaths.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Hayden Christensen, Liu Yifei, Summer Jike, Andy On


Good Boys: 2019 | R | 89 min | 6.853 rating
A group of young boys on the cusp of becoming teenagers embark on an epic quest to fix their broken drone before their parents get home.
Cast: Jacob Tremblay, Brady Noon, Keith L. Williams, Molly Gordon, Midori Francis


The Marksman: 2021 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.898 rating
Jim Hanson’s quiet life is suddenly disturbed by two people crossing the US/Mexico border – a woman and her young son – desperate to flee a Mexican cartel. After a shootout leaves the mother dead, Jim becomes the boy’s reluctant defender. He embraces his role as Miguel’s protector and will stop at nothing to get him to safety, as they go on the run from the relentless assassins.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Jacob Perez, Katheryn Winnick, Teresa Ruiz, Sean A. Rosales


This One Summer: 2023 | NR | 99 min | 5.3 rating
Every summer, 10-year-old Dune goes with her parents to the south-west coast of France, where she meets her best friend Mathilde. Together, they explore pine forests, contemplate the shape of clouds, follow teenagers and crash their parties, and secretly watch horror films. But this one summer is special for Dune – last year, the family skipped their usual holiday without her knowing why. She feels that something has changed. As childhood becomes a little more distant, she begins to see adults and teenagers differently and understand their secrets.
Cast: Rose Pou Pellicer, Juliette Havelange, Marina Foïs, Gael García Bernal, Adèle Wismes


Ralph Breaks the Internet: 2018 | PG | 112 min | 7.201 rating
Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, Sugar Rush. In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet — the netizens — to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube.
Cast: John C. Reilly, Sarah Silverman, Gal Gadot, Taraji P. Henson, Bill Hader


Psycho: 1960 | R | 109 min | 8.435 rating
When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life, she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel, where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother.
Cast: Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Martin Balsam


Mortal Kombat: 2021 | R | 110 min | 7.072 rating
Washed-up MMA fighter Cole Young, unaware of his heritage, and hunted by Emperor Shang Tsung's best warrior, Sub-Zero, seeks out and trains with Earth's greatest champions as he prepares to stand against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe.
Cast: Lewis Tan, Jessica McNamee, Josh Lawson, Mehcad Brooks, Ludi Lin


Scooby-Doo! and the Loch Ness Monster: 2004 | G | 74 min | 7.375 rating
While the gang travel to Scotland to visit Daphne's cousin and witness the annual Highland Games, they find themselves terrorized by the legendary Loch Ness Monster.
Cast: Frank Welker, Casey Kasem, Mindy Cohn, Grey DeLisle, Michael Bell


Just Go with It: 2011 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.679 rating
A plastic surgeon, romancing a much younger schoolteacher, enlists his loyal assistant to pretend to be his soon to be ex-wife, in order to cover up a careless lie. When more lies backfire, the assistant's kids become involved, and everyone heads off for a weekend in Hawaii that will change all their lives.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Jennifer Aniston, Nicole Kidman, Nick Swardson, Brooklyn Decker


Tremors: 1990 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.883 rating
Hick handymen Val McKee and Earl Bassett can barely eke out a living in the Nevada hamlet of Perfection, so they decide to leave town -- despite an admonition from a shapely seismology coed who's picking up odd readings on her equipment. Before long, Val and Earl discover what's responsible for those readings: 30-foot-long carnivorous worms with a proclivity for sucking their prey underground.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Fred Ward, Finn Carter, Michael Gross, Reba McEntire


Ron's Gone Wrong: 2021 | PG | 107 min | 7.951 rating
In a world where walking, talking, digitally connected bots have become children's best friends, an 11-year-old finds that his robot buddy doesn't quite work the same as the others do.
Cast: Zach Galifianakis, Jack Dylan Grazer, Ed Helms, Olivia Colman, Justice Smith


Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas: 2003 | PG | 90 min | 6.9 rating
The sailor of legend is framed by the goddess Eris for the theft of the Book of Peace, and must travel to her realm at the end of the world to retrieve it and save the life of his childhood friend Prince Proteus.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michelle Pfeiffer, Joseph Fiennes, Dennis Haysbert


One Piece "3D2Y": Overcome Ace's Death! Luffy's Vow to his Friends: 2014 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.961 rating
The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabody.  Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training  is interrupted when Hancock's sisters, Marigold and Sandersonia, are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World,  a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace,  in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her  Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters.
Cast: Mayumi Tanaka, Akemi Okamura, Arata Furuta, Bin Shimada, Fumihiko Tachiki


Event Horizon: 1997 | R | 96 min | 6.5 rating
In 2047, a group of astronauts are sent to investigate and salvage the starship Event Horizon which disappeared mysteriously 7 years before on its maiden voyage. However, it soon becomes evident that something sinister resides in its corridors, and that the horrors that befell the Event Horizon's previous journey are still present.
Cast: Laurence Fishburne, Sam Neill, Kathleen Quinlan, Joely Richardson, Richard T. Jones


The Croods: A New Age: 2020 | PG | 95 min | 7.513 rating
Searching for a safer habitat, the prehistoric Crood family discovers an idyllic, walled-in paradise that meets all of its needs. Unfortunately, they must also learn to live with the Bettermans -- a family that's a couple of steps above the Croods on the evolutionary ladder. As tensions between the new neighbors start to rise, a new threat soon propels both clans on an epic adventure that forces them to embrace their differences, draw strength from one another, and survive together.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Catherine Keener, Cloris Leachman


When Christmas Was Young: 2022 | PG | 85 min | 6.2 rating
The story follows a headstrong music manager in desperate need of a hit song for his last remaining client, who finds himself falling for a gifted singer-songwriter with abandoned dreams of making it big, as he attempts to secure the rights to a Christmas song she wrote years ago.
Cast: Tyler Hilton, Karen David, Meghan Heffern, Jordana Largy, Hayley Sales


Deck the Halls: 2006 | PG | 93 min | 5.514 rating
Determined to unseat Steve Finch's reign as the town's holiday season king, Buddy Hall plasters his house with so many decorative lights that it'll be visible from space! When their wives bond, and their kids follow suit, the two men only escalate their rivalry - and their decorating.
Cast: Danny DeVito, Matthew Broderick, Kristin Davis, Kristin Chenoweth, Alia Shawkat


The Black Phone: 2022 | R | 103 min | 7.673 rating
Finney Blake, a shy but clever 13-year-old boy, is abducted by a sadistic killer and trapped in a soundproof basement where screaming is of little use. When a disconnected phone on the wall begins to ring, Finney discovers that he can hear the voices of the killer’s previous victims. And they are dead set on making sure that what happened to them doesn’t happen to Finney.
Cast: Mason Thames, Ethan Hawke, Madeleine McGraw, Jeremy Davies, E. Roger Mitchell


Mary Poppins: 1964 | G | 139 min | 7.6 rating
Mr Banks is looking for a nanny for his two mischievous children and comes across Mary Poppins, an angelic nanny. She not only brings a change in their lives but also spreads happiness.
Cast: Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, Glynis Johns, Hermione Baddeley


21 Jump Street: 2012 | R | 109 min | 6.88 rating
In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs.
Cast: Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Brie Larson, Dave Franco, Rob Riggle


Strange World: 2022 | PG | 102 min | 6.409 rating
A journey deep into an uncharted and treacherous land, where fantastical creatures await the legendary Clades—a family of explorers whose differences threaten to topple their latest, and by far most crucial, mission.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Dennis Quaid, Jaboukie Young-White, Gabrielle Union, Lucy Liu


Legion: 2010 | R | 100 min | 5.8 rating
When God loses faith in humankind, he sends his legion of angels to bring on the Apocalypse. Humanity's only hope for survival lies in a group of strangers trapped in an out-of-the-way, desert diner with the Archangel Michael.
Cast: Paul Bettany, Dennis Quaid, Lucas Black, Kate Walsh, Tyrese Gibson


Sunshine: 2007 | R | 107 min | 6.951 rating
Fifty years into the future, the sun is dying, and Earth is threatened by arctic temperatures. A team of astronauts is sent to revive the Sun — but the mission fails. Seven years later, a new team is sent to finish the mission as mankind’s last hope.
Cast: Cillian Murphy, Rose Byrne, Chris Evans, Michelle Yeoh, Cliff Curtis


The Usual Suspects: 1995 | R | 106 min | 8.192 rating
Held in an L.A. interrogation room, Verbal Kint attempts to convince the feds that a mythic crime lord, Keyser Soze, not only exists, but was also responsible for drawing him and his four partners into a multi-million dollar heist that ended with an explosion in San Pedro harbor – leaving few survivors. Verbal lures his interrogators with an incredible story of the crime lord's almost supernatural prowess.
Cast: Gabriel Byrne, Kevin Spacey, Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Pollak, Benicio del Toro


Waiting...: 2005 | R | 94 min | 6.268 rating
Employees at a Bennigan's-like restaurant (called, creatively enough, Shenanigan's), kill time before their real lives get started. But while they wait, they'll have to deal with picky customers who want their steak cooked to order and enthusiastic managers who want to build the perfect wait staff. Luckily, these employees have effective revenge tactics.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Anna Faris, Justin Long, David Koechner, Luis Guzmán


Pain & Gain: 2013 | R | 130 min | 6.252 rating
Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Dwayne Johnson, Anthony Mackie, Tony Shalhoub, Ed Harris


BlackBerry: 2023 |  | 119 min | 7.2 rating
Two mismatched entrepreneurs – egghead innovator Mike Lazaridis and cut-throat businessman Jim Balsillie – joined forces in an endeavour that was to become a worldwide hit in little more than a decade. The story of the meteoric rise and catastrophic demise of the world's first smartphone.
Cast: Jay Baruchel, Glenn Howerton, Matt Johnson, Rich Sommer, Michael Ironside


Ghostbusters: 2016 | PG-13 | 117 min | 5.37 rating
Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann, and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat.
Cast: Kristen Wiig, Melissa McCarthy, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones, Chris Hemsworth


Quicksand: 2023 |  | 86 min | 6.605 rating
A married couple on the brink of divorce becomes trapped in quicksand while hiking through a Colombian rainforest. It’s a struggle for survival as they battle the elements of the jungle and must work together in order to escape.
Cast: Carolina Gaitán, Allan Hawco, Sebastián Eslava, Andrés Castañeda, Allison Castrillón


Trading Places: 1983 | R | 116 min | 7.204 rating
A snobbish investor and a wily street con-artist find their positions reversed as part of a bet by two callous millionaires.
Cast: Dan Aykroyd, Eddie Murphy, Ralph Bellamy, Don Ameche, Denholm Elliott


Dead Silence: 2007 | R | 89 min | 6.414 rating
Jamie returns to his hometown in search of answers to his wife's murder, which occurred after receiving a weird package containing a ventriloquist dummy named Billy, which may be linked to the legend of ventriloquist Mary Shaw. Destined to find out the truth, Jamie goes to the town of Raven's Fair, where Shaw used to perform and is buried. But Jamie is in for more than he expected.
Cast: Ryan Kwanten, Amber Valletta, Donnie Wahlberg, Bob Gunton, Laura Regan


Rambo: First Blood Part II: 1985 | R | 96 min | 6.6 rating
John Rambo is released from prison by the government for a top-secret covert mission to the last place on Earth he'd want to return - the jungles of Vietnam.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Charles Napier, Steven Berkoff, Julia Nickson


Jigen Daisuke: 2023 | PG-13 | 120 min | 7.2 rating
Feeling unhappy with his gun, Jigen is looking for the world’s best gunsmith. He finally finds out that Chiharu, who runs a watch shop, is the person he’s been seeking. Then, Jigen meets Oto, who comes to Chiharu’s shop looking for a gun. Jigen finds out about Oto's secrets and the mysterious organization that’s after her. After Oto is kidnapped, Jigen gets into a desperate battle to save her.
Cast: Tetsuji Tamayama, Mitsuko Kusabue, Kotoka Maki, Yoko Maki, Masatoshi Nagase


Mrs. Doubtfire: 1993 | PG-13 | 125 min | 7.2 rating
Loving but irresponsible dad Daniel Hillard, estranged from his exasperated spouse, is crushed by a court order allowing only weekly visits with his kids. When Daniel learns his ex needs a housekeeper, he gets the job -- disguised as a British nanny. Soon he becomes not only his children's best pal but the kind of parent he should have been from the start.
Cast: Robin Williams, Sally Field, Pierce Brosnan, Lisa Jakub, Matthew Lawrence


Bridge to Terabithia: 2007 | PG | 96 min | 7.296 rating
Jesse Aarons trained all summer to become the fastest runner in school. So he's very upset when newcomer Leslie Burke outruns him and everyone else. Despite this and other differences including that she's rich, he's poor, she's a city girl, and he's a country boy the two become fast friends. Together they create Terabithia, a land of monsters, trolls, ogres, and giants where they rule as king and queen.
Cast: Josh Hutcherson, AnnaSophia Robb, Robert Patrick, Zooey Deschanel, Bailee Madison


Boruto: Naruto the Movie: 2015 | PG-13 | 95 min | 7.594 rating
The spirited Boruto Uzumaki, son of Seventh Hokage Naruto, is a skilled ninja who possesses the same brashness and passion his father once had. However, the constant absence of his father, who is busy with his Hokage duties, puts a damper on Boruto's fire. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke, and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation rises!
Cast: Yuko Sanpei, Cocoro Kikuchi, Junko Takeuchi, Noriaki Sugiyama, Daisuke Namikawa


Demolition Man: 1993 | R | 115 min | 6.7 rating
Simon Phoenix, a violent criminal cryogenically frozen in 1996, escapes during a parole hearing in 2032 in the utopia of San Angeles. Police are incapable of dealing with his violent ways and turn to his captor, who had also been cryogenically frozen after being wrongfully accused of killing 30 innocent people while apprehending Phoenix.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes, Sandra Bullock, Nigel Hawthorne, Benjamin Bratt


Storks: 2016 | PG | 87 min | 6.641 rating
Storks deliver babies…or at least they used to. Now they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior, the company’s top delivery stork, is about to be promoted when he accidentally activates the Baby Making Machine, producing an adorable and wholly unauthorized baby girl...
Cast: Andy Samberg, Katie Crown, Kelsey Grammer, Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele


The Aristocats: 1970 | G | 78 min | 7.292 rating
When Madame Adelaide Bonfamille leaves her fortune to Duchess and her children—Bonfamille’s beloved family of cats—the butler plots to steal the money and kidnaps the legatees, leaving them out on a country road. All seems lost until the wily Thomas O’Malley Cat and his jazz-playing alley cats come to the aristocats’ rescue.
Cast: Phil Harris, Eva Gabor, Sterling Holloway, Scatman Crothers, Paul Winchell


Casino Royale: 2006 | PG-13 | 144 min | 7.5 rating
Le Chiffre, a banker to the world's terrorists, is scheduled to participate in a high-stakes poker game in Montenegro, where he intends to use his winnings to establish his financial grip on the terrorist market. M sends Bond—on his maiden mission as a 00 Agent—to attend this game and prevent Le Chiffre from winning. With the help of Vesper Lynd and Felix Leiter, Bond enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Eva Green, Mads Mikkelsen, Judi Dench, Jeffrey Wright


Brothers: 2009 | R | 105 min | 7.321 rating
When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy steps in to look over Sam’s wife, Grace, and two children. Sam’s surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem.
Cast: Tobey Maguire, Jake Gyllenhaal, Natalie Portman, Sam Shepard, Mare Winningham


Rush Hour 2: 2001 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.7 rating
It's vacation time for Carter as he finds himself alongside Lee in Hong Kong wishing for more excitement. While Carter wants to party and meet the ladies, Lee is out to track down a Triad gang lord who may be responsible for killing two men at the American Embassy. Things get complicated as the pair stumble onto a counterfeiting plot. The boys are soon up to their necks in fist fights and life-threatening situations. A trip back to the U.S. may provide the answers about the bombing, the counterfeiting, and the true allegiance of sexy customs agent Isabella.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker, John Lone, Zhang Ziyi, Roselyn Sánchez


Couples Retreat: 2009 | PG-13 | 113 min | 5.551 rating
Four couples, all friends, descend on a tropical island resort. Though one husband and wife are there to work on their marriage, the others just want to enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon find, however, that paradise comes at a price: Participation in couples therapy sessions is mandatory. What started out as a cut-rate vacation turns into an examination of the common problems many face.
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Jason Bateman, Jon Favreau, Faizon Love, Kristin Davis


Dr. No: 1962 | PG | 110 min | 7 rating
In the film that launched the James Bond saga, Agent 007 battles mysterious Dr. No, a scientific genius bent on destroying the U.S. space program. As the countdown to disaster begins, Bond must go to Jamaica, where he encounters beautiful Honey Ryder, to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters.
Cast: Sean Connery, Ursula Andress, Joseph Wiseman, Jack Lord, Anthony Dawson


Tracers: 2015 | PG-13 | 94 min | 6.021 rating
Wanted by the mafia, a New York City bike messenger escapes into the world of parkour after meeting a beautiful stranger.
Cast: Taylor Lautner, Marie Avgeropoulos, Adam Rayner, Rafi Gavron, Sam Medina


Alienoid: 2022 |  | 143 min | 7.137 rating
Gurus in the late Goryeo dynasty try to obtain a fabled, holy sword, and humans in 2022 hunt down an alien prisoner that is locked in a human's body. The two parties cross paths when a time-traveling portal opens up.
Cast: Ryu Jun-yeol, Kim Woo-bin, Kim Tae-ri, Choi Yu-ri, So Ji-sub


Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation: 2018 | PG | 97 min | 6.887 rating
Dracula, Mavis, Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship, where Dracula falls in love with the ship’s captain, Ericka, who’s secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing, the notorious monster slayer.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Andy Samberg, Selena Gomez, Kevin James, Fran Drescher


Dawn of the Dead: 2004 | R | 101 min | 7.048 rating
A group of survivors take refuge in a shopping mall after the world is taken over by aggressive, flesh-eating zombies.
Cast: Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames, Ty Burrell, Inna Korobkina, Jake Weber


Ghostbusters: Afterlife: 2021 | PG-13 | 124 min | 7.4 rating
When a single mom and her two kids arrive in a small town, they begin to discover their connection to the original Ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind.
Cast: Mckenna Grace, Finn Wolfhard, Carrie Coon, Bokeem Woodbine, Paul Rudd


Allied: 2016 | R | 124 min | 6.784 rating
In 1942, an intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Marion Cotillard, Jared Harris, Simon McBurney, Lizzy Caplan


Wonder: 2017 | PG | 113 min | 8.151 rating
The story of August Pullman – a boy with facial differences – who enters fifth grade, attending a mainstream elementary school for the first time.
Cast: Jacob Tremblay, Julia Roberts, Owen Wilson, Izabela Vidovic, Noah Jupe


The Founder: 2016 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.113 rating
The true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from Illinois, met Mac and Dick McDonald, who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers’ speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. He maneuvered himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire.
Cast: Michael Keaton, Nick Offerman, John Carroll Lynch, Linda Cardellini, B.J. Novak


Devotion: 2022 | PG-13 | 139 min | 7.193 rating
The harrowing true story of two elite US Navy fighter pilots during the Korean War. Their heroic sacrifices would ultimately make them the Navy's most celebrated wingmen.
Cast: Jonathan Majors, Glen Powell, Christina Jackson, Thomas Sadoski, Daren Kagasoff


Evolution: 2001 | PG-13 | 101 min | 6.065 rating
A comedy that follows the chaos that ensues when a meteor hits the Earth carrying alien life forms that give new meaning to the term "survival of the fittest." David Duchovny, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, and Julianne Moore are the only people standing between the aliens and world domination... which could be bad news for the Earth.
Cast: David Duchovny, Julianne Moore, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, Ted Levine


Ferdinand: 2017 | PG | 108 min | 7.221 rating
Ferdinand, a little bull, prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around, snorting, and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong, his temperament remains mellow, but one day five men come to choose the "biggest, fastest, roughest bull" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen.  Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf.
Cast: John Cena, Kate McKinnon, Anthony Anderson, Bobby Cannavale, Peyton Manning


Mission: Impossible II: 2000 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.1 rating
With computer genius Luther Stickell at his side and a beautiful thief on his mind, agent Ethan Hunt races across Australia and Spain to stop a former IMF agent from unleashing a genetically engineered biological weapon called Chimera. This mission, should Hunt choose to accept it, plunges him into the center of an international crisis of terrifying magnitude.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Dougray Scott, Thandiwe Newton, Ving Rhames, Richard Roxburgh


The Revenant: 2015 | R | 157 min | 7.529 rating
In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson, Will Poulter, Forrest Goodluck


Despicable Me 3: 2017 | PG | 90 min | 6.454 rating
Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s child star Balthazar Bratt from achieving world domination.
Cast: Steve Carell, Kristen Wiig, Trey Parker, Miranda Cosgrove, Dana Gaier


Saint Seiya: Legend of Sanctuary: 2014 | NR | 93 min | 6.549 rating
Warriors called "Saints" are the champions of hope who have always appeared since the Age of Myth whenever evil threatens the world. In this present day story, many years since the long fought "Holy War" we find Saori Kido, a girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by a boy, Seiya "Bronze Saint" from a sudden attack by an assassin, through the accident Saori realizes her destiny and mission and decides to go to "Sanctuary" with Seiya and his company of Bronze Saints. In Sanctuary they confront "Pope" and wage a desperate battle against the greatest Saints, the "Gold Saints".
Cast: Kensho Ono, Kenji Nojima, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Kenji Akabane, Ayaka Sasaki


Supercell: 2023 |  | 100 min | 5.892 rating
Good-hearted teenager William always lived in hope of following in his late father’s footsteps and becoming a storm chaser. His father’s legacy has now been turned into a storm-chasing tourist business, managed by the greedy and reckless Zane Rogers, who is now using William as the main attraction to lead a group of unsuspecting adventurers deep into the eye of the most dangerous supercell ever seen.
Cast: Skeet Ulrich, Anne Heche, Daniel Diemer, Jordan Kristine Seamón, Alec Baldwin


Darkest Hour: 2017 | PG-13 | 125 min | 7.4 rating
In May 1940, the fate of World War II hangs on Winston Churchill, who must decide whether to negotiate with Adolf Hitler or fight on knowing that it could mean the end of the British Empire.
Cast: Gary Oldman, Kristin Scott Thomas, Ben Mendelsohn, Lily James, Ronald Pickup


The Purge: Anarchy: 2014 | R | 104 min | 6.648 rating
One night per year, the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo, a sergeant who lost his son, plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However, instead of a death-dealing avenger, he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night.
Cast: Frank Grillo, Carmen Ejogo, Zach Gilford, Michael Kenneth Williams, Kiele Sanchez


Zom 100: Bucket List of the Dead: 2023 | R | 129 min | 6.779 rating
Bullied by his boss, worked around the clock, he's nothing more than a corporate drone. All it takes is a zombie outbreak for him to finally feel alive!
Cast: Eiji Akaso, Mai Shiraishi, Shuntaro Yanagi, Kazuki Kitamura, Yui Ichikawa


Tomb Raider: 2018 | PG-13 | 118 min | 6.355 rating
Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared.
Cast: Alicia Vikander, Dominic West, Walton Goggins, Daniel Wu, Kristin Scott Thomas


Tom Clancy's Without Remorse: 2021 | R | 109 min | 7.024 rating
An elite Navy SEAL uncovers an international conspiracy while seeking justice for the murder of his pregnant wife.
Cast: Michael B. Jordan, Jamie Bell, Guy Pearce, Jodie Turner-Smith, Lauren London


Who Framed Roger Rabbit: 1988 | PG | 104 min | 7.52 rating
'Toon star Roger is worried that his wife Jessica is playing pattycake with someone else, so the studio hires detective Eddie Valiant to snoop on her. But the stakes are quickly raised when Marvin Acme is found dead and Roger is the prime suspect.
Cast: Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, Joanna Cassidy, Charles Fleischer, Stubby Kaye


The Predator: 2018 | R | 107 min | 5.626 rating
When a young boy accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled scientist can prevent the end of the human race.
Cast: Boyd Holbrook, Trevante Rhodes, Sterling K. Brown, Jacob Tremblay, Keegan-Michael Key


Dragon Ball Z: Wrath of the Dragon: 1995 | PG | 51 min | 7.238 rating
The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the Dragon Balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Takeshi Kusao, Mayumi Tanaka, Hiromi Tsuru, Masaharu Sato


Annabelle Comes Home: 2019 | R | 106 min | 6.4 rating
Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc, demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren bring the possessed doll to the locked artifacts room in their home, placing her “safely” behind sacred glass and enlisting a priest’s holy blessing. But an unholy night of horror awaits as Annabelle awakens the evil spirits in the room, who all set their sights on a new target—the Warrens' ten-year-old daughter, Judy, and her friends.
Cast: Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson, Mckenna Grace, Madison Iseman, Katie Sarife


Patriots Day: 2016 |  | 133 min | 7.049 rating
In the aftermath of an unspeakable act of terror, Police Sergeant Tommy Saunders joins courageous survivors, first responders and investigators in a race against the clock to hunt down the Boston Marathon bombers before they strike again.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, John Goodman, J.K. Simmons, Kevin Bacon, Michelle Monaghan


6 Underground: 2019 | R | 128 min | 6.348 rating
After faking his death, a tech billionaire recruits a team of international operatives for a bold and bloody mission to take down a brutal dictator.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Mélanie Laurent, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Ben Hardy, Adria Arjona


Control Zeta: 2023 | NR | 105 min | 1.5 rating
In a near future, crimes and accidents have disappeared because it has become possible to call the past. However, the peace will be disturbed by a killer who seems to have found the one crack in the system.
Cast: Guillermo Farisco, Karen Medina, María Abadi, Sofía Elliot, Marian Farías Gómez


Superhero Movie: 2008 | PG-13 | 85 min | 5.248 rating
The team behind Scary Movie takes on the comic book genre in this tale of Rick Riker, a nerdy teen imbued with superpowers by a radioactive dragonfly. And because every hero needs a nemesis, enter Lou Landers, aka the villainously goofy Hourglass.
Cast: Drake Bell, Sara Paxton, Christopher McDonald, Leslie Nielsen, Kevin Hart


Armageddon: 1998 | PG-13 | 151 min | 6.831 rating
When an asteroid threatens to collide with Earth, NASA honcho Dan Truman determines the only way to stop it is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear bomb. This leads him to renowned driller Harry Stamper, who agrees to helm the dangerous space mission provided he can bring along his own hotshot crew. Among them is the cocksure A.J. who Harry thinks isn't good enough for his daughter, until the mission proves otherwise.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Will Patton


Tangled Ever After: 2012 | G | 6 min | 7.1 rating
The kingdom is in a festive mood as everyone gathers for the royal wedding of Rapunzel and Flynn. However, when Pascal and Maximus, as flower chameleon and ring bearer, respectively, lose the gold bands, a frenzied search and recovery mission gets underway. As the desperate duo tries to find the rings before anyone discovers that they’re missing, they leave behind a trail of comical chaos that includes flying lanterns, a flock of doves, a wine barrel barricade and a very sticky finale. Will Maximus and Pascal save the day and make it to the church in time? And will they ever get Flynn’s nose right?
Cast: Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi, Alan Dale, Paul F. Tompkins, Kari Wahlgren


The Man from Earth: 2007 | NR | 87 min | 7.617 rating
An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John Oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he never ages and has walked the earth for 14,000 years.
Cast: David Lee Smith, Tony Todd, John Billingsley, Ellen Crawford, Annika Peterson


Bird Box: 2018 | R | 124 min | 6.85 rating
Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Trevante Rhodes, John Malkovich, Sarah Paulson, Jacki Weaver


Descendants 3: 2019 | PG | 106 min | 7.7 rating
The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep.
Cast: Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, Mitchell Hope


Togo: 2019 | PG | 113 min | 8.17 rating
The untold true story set in the winter of 1925 that takes you across the treacherous terrain of the Alaskan tundra for an exhilarating and uplifting adventure that will test the strength, courage and determination of one man, Leonhard Seppala, and his lead sled dog, Togo.
Cast: Willem Dafoe, Julianne Nicholson, Christopher Heyerdahl, Richard Dormer, Adrien Dorval


Silverado: 1985 | PG-13 | 133 min | 6.967 rating
Four unwitting heroes cross paths on their journey to the sleepy town of Silverado. Little do they know the town where their family and friends reside has been taken over by a corrupt sheriff and a murderous posse. It's up to the sharp-shooting foursome to save the day, but first they have to break each other out of jail, and learn who their real friends are.
Cast: Kevin Kline, Scott Glenn, Danny Glover, Kevin Costner, Brian Dennehy


The Holiday: 2006 | PG-13 | 136 min | 7.084 rating
Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmas time after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Kate Winslet, Jude Law, Jack Black, Eli Wallach


Genie: 2023 | PG | 93 min | 7.4 rating
Flora, a genie trapped for more than 2,000 years inside an antique jewelry box, is accidentally called to service by Bernard, whose life is unraveling around him.
Cast: Melissa McCarthy, Paapa Essiedu, Denée Benton, Jordyn McIntosh, Alan Cumming


The Princess: 2022 | R | 94 min | 6.874 rating
A beautiful, strong-willed young royal refuses to wed the cruel sociopath to whom she is betrothed and is kidnapped and locked in a remote tower of her father’s castle. With her scorned, vindictive suitor intent on taking her father’s throne, the princess must protect her family and save the kingdom.
Cast: Joey King, Dominic Cooper, Olga Kurylenko, Veronica Ngo, Alex Reid


Dragon Ball Z: Broly – The Legendary Super Saiyan: 1993 | PG | 70 min | 7.222 rating
While the Saiyan Paragus persuades Vegeta to rule a new planet, King Kai alerts Goku of the South Galaxy's destruction by an unknown Super Saiyan.
Cast: Bin Shimada, Masako Nozawa, Ryou Horikawa, Iemasa Kayumi, Takeshi Kusao


No Exit: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.933 rating
Stranded at a rest stop in the mountains during a blizzard, a recovering addict discovers a kidnapped child hidden in a car belonging to one of the people inside the building which sets her on a terrifying struggle to identify who among them is the kidnapper.
Cast: Havana Rose Liu, Danny Ramirez, Dennis Haysbert, David Rysdahl, Dale Dickey


Eraser: 1996 | R | 115 min | 6.1 rating
U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the Witness Protection Program. His current assignment is to protect Lee Cullen, who's uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. When Kruger discovers that there's a corrupt agent within the program, he must guard his own life while trying to protect Lee's.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Vanessa Williams, James Caan, James Coburn, Robert Pastorelli


Saw IV: 2007 | R | 93 min | 6.165 rating
Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now, upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder, two seasoned FBI profilers, Agent Strahm and Agent Perez, arrive in the terrified community to assist the veteran Detective Hoffman in sifting through Jigsaw's latest grisly remains and piecing together the puzzle. However, when SWAT Commander Rigg is abducted and thrust into a game, the last officer untouched by Jigsaw has but ninety minutes to overcome a series of demented traps and save an old friend or face the deadly consequences.
Cast: Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Scott Patterson, Betsy Russell, Lyriq Bent


Nymphomaniac: Vol. II: 2013 | NR | 124 min | 6.751 rating
The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated life delves into the darker aspects of her adult life and what led to her being in Seligman's care.
Cast: Charlotte Gainsbourg, Stellan Skarsgård, Shia LaBeouf, Willem Dafoe, Stacy Martin


Jennifer's Body: 2009 | R | 107 min | 5.912 rating
Jennifer, a gorgeous, seductive cheerleader takes evil to a whole new level after she's possessed by a sinister demon. Now it's up to her best friend to stop Jennifer's reign of terror before it's too late.
Cast: Megan Fox, Amanda Seyfried, Johnny Simmons, Adam Brody, J.K. Simmons


Ride On: 2023 |  | 126 min | 7.4 rating
A washed-up stuntman and his stunt horse become an overnight social media sensation when their real-life fight with debt collectors goes viral.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Liu Haocun, Kevin Guo, Wu Jing, Joey Yung


The Expendables 3: 2014 | PG-13 | 126 min | 6.23 rating
Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Harrison Ford, Mel Gibson, Arnold Schwarzenegger


Dune: 1984 | PG-13 | 137 min | 6.202 rating
In the year 10,191, the world is at war for control of the desert planet Arrakis—the only place where the space-travel substance Melange 'Spice' can be found. But when one leader gives up control, it's only so he can stage a coup with some unsavory characters.
Cast: Kyle MacLachlan, Francesca Annis, Patrick Stewart, Linda Hunt, José Ferrer


The Help: 2011 | PG-13 | 146 min | 8.203 rating
Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-American maid who has spent her life raising white children and has recently lost her only son; Minny Jackson is an African-American maid who has often offended her employers despite her family's struggles with money and her desperate need for jobs; and Eugenia "Skeeter" Phelan is a young white woman who has recently moved back home after graduating college to find out her childhood maid has mysteriously disappeared. These three stories intertwine to explain how life in Jackson, Mississippi revolves around "the help"; yet they are always kept at a certain distance because of racial lines.
Cast: Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Bryce Dallas Howard, Jessica Chastain


Bloodsport: 1988 | R | 92 min | 7.019 rating
U.S. soldier Frank Dux has come to Hong Kong to be accepted into the Kumite, a highly secret and extremely violent martial arts competition. While trying to gain access into the underground world of clandestine fighters, he also has to avoid military officers who consider him to be AWOL. After enduring a difficult training and beginning a romance with journalist Janice Kent, Frank is given the opportunity to fight. But can he survive?
Cast: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Bolo Yeung, Donald Gibb, Leah Ayres, Norman Burton


The Man from Toronto: 2022 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.52 rating
In a case of mistaken identity, the world’s deadliest assassin, known as the Man from Toronto, and a New York City screw-up are forced to team up after being confused for each other at a rental cabin.
Cast: Kevin Hart, Woody Harrelson, Kaley Cuoco, Jasmine Mathews, Lela Loren


Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea: 2006 | G | 107 min | 6.513 rating
On their way through the Battle Frontier, Ash and friends meet up with a Pokémon Ranger who's mission is to deliever the egg of Manaphy to a temple on the ocean's floor. However, a greedy pirate wants the power of Manaphy to himself.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Yuji Ueda, KAORI, Fushigi Yamada


Transporter 3: 2008 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.146 rating
Frank Martin puts the driving gloves on to deliver Valentina, the kidnapped daughter of a Ukranian government official, from Marseilles to Odessa on the Black Sea. En route, he has to contend with thugs who want to intercept Valentina's safe delivery and not let his personal feelings get in the way of his dangerous objective.
Cast: Jason Statham, Natalya Rudakova, François Berléand, Robert Knepper, Jeroen Krabbé


Swordfish: 2001 | R | 99 min | 6.236 rating
Rogue agent Gabriel Shear is determined to get his mitts on $9 billion stashed in a secret Drug Enforcement Administration account. He wants the cash to fight terrorism, but lacks the computer skills necessary to hack into the government mainframe. Enter Stanley Jobson, a n'er-do-well encryption expert who can log into anything.
Cast: John Travolta, Hugh Jackman, Don Cheadle, Halle Berry, Sam Shepard


Meet the Robinsons: 2007 | G | 95 min | 6.9 rating
Lewis, a brilliant young inventor, is keen on creating a time machine to find his mother, who abandoned him in an orphanage. Things take a turn when he meets Wilbur Robinson and his family.
Cast: Daniel Hansen, Jordan Fry, Wesley Singerman, Matthew Josten, Stephen J. Anderson


The Father: 2020 | PG-13 | 96 min | 8.148 rating
A man refuses all assistance from his daughter as he ages and, as he tries to make sense of his changing circumstances, he begins to doubt his loved ones, his own mind and even the fabric of his reality.
Cast: Anthony Hopkins, Olivia Colman, Mark Gatiss, Olivia Williams, Imogen Poots


6 Underground: 2019 | R | 128 min | 6.347 rating
After faking his death, a tech billionaire recruits a team of international operatives for a bold and bloody mission to take down a brutal dictator.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Mélanie Laurent, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Ben Hardy, Adria Arjona


Control Zeta: 2023 | NR | 105 min | 1.5 rating
In a near future, crimes and accidents have disappeared because it has become possible to call the past. However, the peace will be disturbed by a killer who seems to have found the one crack in the system.
Cast: Guillermo Farisco, Karen Medina, María Abadi, Sofía Elliot, Marian Farías Gómez


Superhero Movie: 2008 | PG-13 | 85 min | 5.248 rating
The team behind Scary Movie takes on the comic book genre in this tale of Rick Riker, a nerdy teen imbued with superpowers by a radioactive dragonfly. And because every hero needs a nemesis, enter Lou Landers, aka the villainously goofy Hourglass.
Cast: Drake Bell, Sara Paxton, Christopher McDonald, Leslie Nielsen, Kevin Hart


The Lego Movie: 2014 | PG | 100 min | 7.4 rating
An ordinary Lego mini-figure, mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder, is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from conquering the universe.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Banks, Will Ferrell, Morgan Freeman, Will Arnett


Armageddon: 1998 | PG-13 | 151 min | 6.831 rating
When an asteroid threatens to collide with Earth, NASA honcho Dan Truman determines the only way to stop it is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear bomb. This leads him to renowned driller Harry Stamper, who agrees to helm the dangerous space mission provided he can bring along his own hotshot crew. Among them is the cocksure A.J. who Harry thinks isn't good enough for his daughter, until the mission proves otherwise.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Will Patton


Tangled Ever After: 2012 | G | 6 min | 7.1 rating
The kingdom is in a festive mood as everyone gathers for the royal wedding of Rapunzel and Flynn. However, when Pascal and Maximus, as flower chameleon and ring bearer, respectively, lose the gold bands, a frenzied search and recovery mission gets underway. As the desperate duo tries to find the rings before anyone discovers that they’re missing, they leave behind a trail of comical chaos that includes flying lanterns, a flock of doves, a wine barrel barricade and a very sticky finale. Will Maximus and Pascal save the day and make it to the church in time? And will they ever get Flynn’s nose right?
Cast: Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi, Alan Dale, Paul F. Tompkins, Kari Wahlgren


The Man from Earth: 2007 | NR | 87 min | 7.617 rating
An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John Oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he never ages and has walked the earth for 14,000 years.
Cast: David Lee Smith, Tony Todd, John Billingsley, Ellen Crawford, Annika Peterson


Bird Box: 2018 | R | 124 min | 6.85 rating
Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Trevante Rhodes, John Malkovich, Sarah Paulson, Jacki Weaver


Descendants 3: 2019 | PG | 106 min | 7.7 rating
The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep.
Cast: Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, Mitchell Hope


Togo: 2019 | PG | 113 min | 8.17 rating
The untold true story set in the winter of 1925 that takes you across the treacherous terrain of the Alaskan tundra for an exhilarating and uplifting adventure that will test the strength, courage and determination of one man, Leonhard Seppala, and his lead sled dog, Togo.
Cast: Willem Dafoe, Julianne Nicholson, Christopher Heyerdahl, Richard Dormer, Adrien Dorval


Silverado: 1985 | PG-13 | 133 min | 6.967 rating
Four unwitting heroes cross paths on their journey to the sleepy town of Silverado. Little do they know the town where their family and friends reside has been taken over by a corrupt sheriff and a murderous posse. It's up to the sharp-shooting foursome to save the day, but first they have to break each other out of jail, and learn who their real friends are.
Cast: Kevin Kline, Scott Glenn, Danny Glover, Kevin Costner, Brian Dennehy


The Holiday: 2006 | PG-13 | 136 min | 7.084 rating
Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmas time after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Kate Winslet, Jude Law, Jack Black, Eli Wallach


Genie: 2023 | PG | 93 min | 7.4 rating
Flora, a genie trapped for more than 2,000 years inside an antique jewelry box, is accidentally called to service by Bernard, whose life is unraveling around him.
Cast: Melissa McCarthy, Paapa Essiedu, Denée Benton, Jordyn McIntosh, Alan Cumming


The Princess: 2022 | R | 94 min | 6.874 rating
A beautiful, strong-willed young royal refuses to wed the cruel sociopath to whom she is betrothed and is kidnapped and locked in a remote tower of her father’s castle. With her scorned, vindictive suitor intent on taking her father’s throne, the princess must protect her family and save the kingdom.
Cast: Joey King, Dominic Cooper, Olga Kurylenko, Veronica Ngo, Alex Reid


Oracle: 2023 |  | 85 min | 7.014 rating
A young woman accepts a job on a property with a traumatic history. Upon her arrival, she soon realizes that the nightmares of her childhood are connected to the evil in the house.
Cast: Ryan Destiny, Heather Graham, Ariel Martin, Samuel Isaiah Hunter, Nicholas Crovetti


Dragon Ball Z: Broly – The Legendary Super Saiyan: 1993 | PG | 70 min | 7.222 rating
While the Saiyan Paragus persuades Vegeta to rule a new planet, King Kai alerts Goku of the South Galaxy's destruction by an unknown Super Saiyan.
Cast: Bin Shimada, Masako Nozawa, Ryou Horikawa, Iemasa Kayumi, Takeshi Kusao


Lone Survivor: 2013 | R | 121 min | 7.433 rating
Four Navy SEALs on a covert mission to neutralize a high-level Taliban operative must make an impossible moral decision in the mountains of Afghanistan that leads them into an enemy ambush. As they confront unthinkable odds, the SEALs must find reserves of strength and resilience to fight to the finish.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Emile Hirsch, Ben Foster, Eric Bana


No Exit: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.933 rating
Stranded at a rest stop in the mountains during a blizzard, a recovering addict discovers a kidnapped child hidden in a car belonging to one of the people inside the building which sets her on a terrifying struggle to identify who among them is the kidnapper.
Cast: Havana Rose Liu, Danny Ramirez, Dennis Haysbert, David Rysdahl, Dale Dickey


Eraser: 1996 | R | 115 min | 6.05 rating
U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the Witness Protection Program. His current assignment is to protect Lee Cullen, who's uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. When Kruger discovers that there's a corrupt agent within the program, he must guard his own life while trying to protect Lee's.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Vanessa Williams, James Caan, James Coburn, Robert Pastorelli


Saw IV: 2007 | R | 93 min | 6.165 rating
Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now, upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder, two seasoned FBI profilers, Agent Strahm and Agent Perez, arrive in the terrified community to assist the veteran Detective Hoffman in sifting through Jigsaw's latest grisly remains and piecing together the puzzle. However, when SWAT Commander Rigg is abducted and thrust into a game, the last officer untouched by Jigsaw has but ninety minutes to overcome a series of demented traps and save an old friend or face the deadly consequences.
Cast: Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Scott Patterson, Betsy Russell, Lyriq Bent


Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Movie: 2022 |  | 86 min | 7.2 rating
When a mysterious stranger arrives from the future with a dire warning, Leo is forced to rise and lead his brothers, Raph, Donnie, and Mikey in a fight to save the world from a terrifying alien species.
Cast: Ben Schwartz, Omar Benson Miller, Brandon Mychal Smith, Josh Brener, Haley Joel Osment


Nymphomaniac: Vol. II: 2013 | NR | 124 min | 6.751 rating
The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated life delves into the darker aspects of her adult life and what led to her being in Seligman's care.
Cast: Charlotte Gainsbourg, Stellan Skarsgård, Shia LaBeouf, Willem Dafoe, Stacy Martin


Jennifer's Body: 2009 | R | 107 min | 5.912 rating
Jennifer, a gorgeous, seductive cheerleader takes evil to a whole new level after she's possessed by a sinister demon. Now it's up to her best friend to stop Jennifer's reign of terror before it's too late.
Cast: Megan Fox, Amanda Seyfried, Johnny Simmons, Adam Brody, J.K. Simmons


Ride On: 2023 |  | 126 min | 7.4 rating
A washed-up stuntman and his stunt horse become an overnight social media sensation when their real-life fight with debt collectors goes viral.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Liu Haocun, Kevin Guo, Wu Jing, Joey Yung


Clash of the Titans: 2010 | PG-13 | 106 min | 5.883 rating
Born of a god but raised as a man, Perseus is helpless to save his family from Hades, vengeful god of the underworld. With nothing to lose, Perseus volunteers to lead a dangerous mission to defeat Hades before he can seize power from Zeus and unleash hell on earth. Battling unholy demons and fearsome beasts, Perseus and his warriors will only survive if Perseus accepts his power as a god, defies fate and creates his own destiny.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Gemma Arterton, Mads Mikkelsen, Alexa Davalos, Jason Flemyng


Superbad: 2007 | R | 113 min | 7.236 rating
Two co-dependent high school seniors are forced to deal with separation anxiety after their plan to stage a booze-soaked party goes awry.
Cast: Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Bill Hader, Seth Rogen


Knock Knock: 2015 | R | 99 min | 5.3 rating
When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Lorenza Izzo, Ana de Armas, Aaron Burns, Colleen Camp


Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse: 2015 | R | 93 min | 6.517 rating
Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces with one badass cocktail waitress to become the world’s most unlikely team of heroes.  When their peaceful town is ravaged by a zombie invasion, they’ll fight for the badge of a lifetime and put their scouting skills to the test to save mankind from the undead.
Cast: Tye Sheridan, Sarah Dumont, Logan Miller, Joey Morgan, David Koechner


1917: 2019 | R | 119 min | 7.992 rating
At the height of the First World War, two young British soldiers must cross enemy territory and deliver a message that will stop a deadly attack on hundreds of soldiers.
Cast: George MacKay, Dean-Charles Chapman, Mark Strong, Andrew Scott, Richard Madden


Splice: 2009 | R | 104 min | 5.857 rating
Elsa and Clive, two young rebellious scientists, defy legal and ethical boundaries and forge ahead with a dangerous experiment: splicing together human and animal DNA to create a new organism. Named "Dren", the creature rapidly develops from a deformed female infant into a beautiful but dangerous winged human-chimera, who forges a bond with both of her creators - only to have that bond turn deadly.
Cast: Adrien Brody, Sarah Polley, Delphine Chanéac, David Hewlett, Abigail Chu


Sleeping Beauty: 1959 | G | 75 min | 6.945 rating
A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate.
Cast: Mary Costa, Bill Shirley, Eleanor Audley, Verna Felton, Barbara Luddy


Ip Man: The Awakening: 2021 |  | 76 min | 6.895 rating
When a young Master Ip stops a kidnapping, he ignites a turf war with a ruthless human-trafficking ring. In retaliation, the gang kidnaps one of Ip Man's close friends, forcing him to face the group's brutal boxing champion head-on.
Cast: Tse Miu, Chen Guanying, Sergio De Ieso, Hou Tongjiang, Gu Lei


True Lies: 1994 | R | 140 min | 7.06 rating
A fearless, globe-trotting, terrorist-battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman while terrorists smuggle nuclear war heads into the United States.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Arnold, Bill Paxton, Tia Carrere


The Foreigner: 2017 | R | 113 min | 6.97 rating
Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love – his teenage daughter – dies in an Irish Republican Army car bombing. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Jackie Chan, Rory Fleck-Byrne, Ray Fearon, Charlie Murphy


Christmas ...Again?!: 2021 | G | 94 min | 6.704 rating
Rowena "Ro" is a high-spirited 11-year-old hoping to add more spunk to her Christmas celebrations when her parents’ divorce is going anything but smoothly.
Cast: Scarlett Estevez, Daniel Sunjata, Alexis Carra, Priscilla Lopez, Ashlynn Jade Lopez


A.I. Artificial Intelligence: 2001 | PG-13 | 146 min | 7.039 rating
David, a robotic boy—the first of his kind programmed to love—is adopted as a test case by a Cybertronics employee and his wife. Though he gradually becomes their child, a series of unexpected circumstances make this life impossible for David.
Cast: Haley Joel Osment, Jude Law, Frances O'Connor, Sam Robards, Jake Thomas


Red Shoes and the Seven Dwarfs: 2019 | PG | 92 min | 7.774 rating
Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell, although it will not be easy.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Sam Claflin, Gina Gershon, Patrick Warburton, Jim Rash


Elf Me: 2023 | NR | 99 min | 5.775 rating
Trip, a bumbling elf whose "Santa's helper" job is threatened by his complete inability to build toys, teams up with Elia, a shy kid harassed by bullies, to save Christmas.
Cast: Lillo Petrolo, Anna Foglietta, Federico Ielapi, Giorgio Pasotti, Caterina Guzzanti


Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo: 1999 | R | 88 min | 5.951 rating
Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down on his luck aquarium cleaner. One day he wrecks the house of a gigolo and needs quick money to repair it. The only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself, taking on an unusual mix of female clients. He encounters a couple of problems, though. He falls in love with one of his unusual clients, and a sleazy police officer is hot on his trail.
Cast: Rob Schneider, William Forsythe, Eddie Griffin, Arija Bareikis, Oded Fehr


Fast X: Part 3: NaN | NR | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The twelfth and potentially final installment in the Fast and Furious franchise
Cast: Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez


The Grand Budapest Hotel: 2014 | R | 100 min | 8.051 rating
The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protégé. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting, the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century.
Cast: Ralph Fiennes, F. Murray Abraham, Tony Revolori, Mathieu Amalric, Adrien Brody


Spy Kids: All the Time in the World: 2011 | PG | 89 min | 4.7 rating
Eight years after the third film, the OSS has become the world's top spy agency, while the Spy Kids department has since become defunct. A retired spy Marissa is thrown back into the action along with her stepchildren when a maniacal Timekeeper attempts to take over the world. In order to save the world, Rebecca and Cecil must team up with their hated stepmother. Carmen and Juni have since also grown up and will provide gadgets to them.
Cast: Jessica Alba, Joel McHale, Rowan Blanchard, Mason Cook, Jeremy Piven


Carter: 2022 | R | 132 min | 6.051 rating
Carter, who awakens two months into a deadly pandemic originating from the DMZ that has already devastated US and North Korea. He who has no recollections of his past finds a mysterious device in his head, and a lethal bomb in his mouth. A voice in his ears gives him orders to avoid getting killed and he's thrown into a mysterious operation while the CIA and North Korean coup chase him close.
Cast: Joo Won, Lee Sung-jae, Jeong So-ri, Kim Bo-min, Camilla Belle


Ray: 2004 | PG-13 | 152 min | 7.437 rating
Born on a sharecropping plantation in Northern Florida, Ray Charles went blind at seven. Inspired by a fiercely independent mom who insisted he make his own way, He found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the Southern musical circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered coupling gospel and country together.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Kerry Washington, Regina King, Harry Lennix, Clifton Powell


Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs: 2009 | PG | 90 min | 6.614 rating
Inventor Flint Lockwood creates a machine that makes clouds rain food, enabling the down-and-out citizens of Chewandswallow to feed themselves. But when the falling food reaches gargantuan proportions, Flint must scramble to avert disaster. Can he regain control of the machine and put an end to the wild weather before the town is destroyed?
Cast: Bill Hader, Anna Faris, James Caan, Neil Patrick Harris, Andy Samberg


Haslers: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Four estranged friends are bound by a scandalous event that would test their friendship.
Cast: Angelica Cervantes, Hershie de Leon, Denise Esteban, Marco Gomez, Calvin Reyes


Central Intelligence: 2016 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.416 rating
After he reunites with an old pal through Facebook, a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Amy Ryan, Danielle Nicolet, Jason Bateman


Unbroken: 2014 | PG-13 | 137 min | 7.441 rating
A chronicle of the life of Louis Zamperini, an Olympic runner who was taken prisoner by Japanese forces during World War II.
Cast: Jack O'Connell, Alex Russell, Domhnall Gleeson, Garrett Hedlund, MIYAVI


JFK: 1991 | R | 189 min | 7.604 rating
Follows the investigation into the assassination of President John F. Kennedy led by New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison.
Cast: Kevin Costner, Tommy Lee Jones, Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Michael Rooker


Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.: 2023 | PG-13 | 107 min | 7.324 rating
When her family moves from New York City to New Jersey, an 11-year-old girl navigates new friends, feelings, and the beginning of adolescence.
Cast: Abby Ryder Fortson, Rachel McAdams, Kathy Bates, Elle Graham, Benny Safdie


Batman: 1989 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.2 rating
Batman must face his most ruthless nemesis when a deformed madman calling himself "The Joker" seizes control of Gotham's criminal underworld.
Cast: Michael Keaton, Jack Nicholson, Kim Basinger, Michael Gough, Jerry Hall


Raiders of the Lost Ark: 1981 | PG | 115 min | 7.9 rating
When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, John Rhys-Davies, Ronald Lacey


The Last Kingdom: Seven Kings Must Die: 2023 | R | 111 min | 7.293 rating
In the wake of King Edward's death, Uhtred of Bebbanburg and his comrades adventure across a fractured kingdom in the hopes of uniting England at last.
Cast: Alexander Dreymon, Mark Rowley, Arnas Fedaravicius, Harry Gilby, Laurie Davidson


Terminator Salvation: 2009 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6 rating
All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe.
Cast: Christian Bale, Sam Worthington, Moon Bloodgood, Helena Bonham Carter, Anton Yelchin


Five Feet Apart: 2019 | PG-13 | 116 min | 8.28 rating
Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control — all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction.
Cast: Haley Lu Richardson, Cole Sprouse, Moisés Arias, Kimberly Hebert Gregory, Parminder Nagra


300: 2007 |  | 117 min | 7.179 rating
Based on Frank Miller's graphic novel, "300" is very loosely based the 480 B.C. Battle of Thermopylae, where the King of Sparta led his army against the advancing Persians; the battle is said to have inspired all of Greece to band together against the Persians, and helped usher in the world's first democracy.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Lena Headey, Dominic West, David Wenham, Vincent Regan


Underworld: Blood Wars: 2016 | R | 91 min | 5.846 rating
Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal attacks from both the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her. With her only allies, David and his father Thomas, she must stop the eternal war between Lycans and Vampires, even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice.
Cast: Kate Beckinsale, Theo James, Tobias Menzies, Lara Pulver, Bradley James


The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian: 2008 | PG | 150 min | 6.619 rating
One year after their incredible adventures in the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, Peter, Edmund, Lucy and Susan Pevensie return to Narnia to aid a young prince whose life has been threatened by the evil King Miraz. Now, with the help of a colorful cast of new characters, including Trufflehunter the badger and Nikabrik the dwarf, the Pevensie clan embarks on an incredible quest to ensure that Narnia is returned to its rightful heir.
Cast: Georgie Henley, Skandar Keynes, William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Ben Barnes


The Interview: 2014 | R | 113 min | 6.189 rating
Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show "Skylark Tonight". When they land an interview with a surprise fan, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission.
Cast: James Franco, Seth Rogen, Lizzy Caplan, Randall Park, Diana Bang


A Boy Called Christmas: 2021 | PG | 104 min | 7.407 rating
An ordinary young boy called Nikolas sets out on an extraordinary adventure into the snowy north in search of his father who is on a quest to discover the fabled village of the elves, Elfhelm. Taking with him a headstrong reindeer called Blitzen and a loyal pet mouse, Nikolas soon meets his destiny in this magical and endearing story that proves nothing is impossible…
Cast: Henry Lawfull, Michiel Huisman, Stephen Merchant, Maggie Smith, Sally Hawkins


Entrapment: 1999 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.215 rating
Two thieves, who travel in elegant circles, try to outsmart each other and, in the process, end up falling in love.
Cast: Catherine Zeta-Jones, Sean Connery, Will Patton, Maury Chaykin, Ving Rhames


Friday the 13th: 2009 | R | 97 min | 5.755 rating
A group of young adults visit a boarded up campsite named Crystal Lake where they soon encounter the mysterious Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions.
Cast: Jared Padalecki, Danielle Panabaker, Amanda Righetti, Travis Van Winkle, Aaron Yoo


Blitz: 2011 | R | 97 min | 6.173 rating
A tough cop is dispatched to take down a serial killer who has been targeting police officers.
Cast: Jason Statham, Paddy Considine, Aidan Gillen, Zawe Ashton, Luke Evans


The Siren: 2019 |  | 78 min | 5.8 rating
Tom, a mute man is on retreat to an isolated lakehouse where he meets Al, who is mourning the recent death of his husband. Starting off rather friendly, Tom and Al’s rapport slowly changes as the former befriends a mysterious woman named Nina, for whom Al can’t shake his negative suspicions.
Cast: Evan Dumouchel, Margaret Ying Drake, MacLeod Andrews, Perry Blackshear


Polar: 2019 | R | 118 min | 6.259 rating
When a retiring assassin realizes that he is the target of a hit, he winds up back in the game going head to head with a gang of younger, ruthless killers.
Cast: Mads Mikkelsen, Vanessa Hudgens, Katheryn Winnick, Fei Ren, Ruby O. Fee


Vanilla Sky: 2001 | R | 136 min | 6.818 rating
David Aames has it all: wealth, good looks and gorgeous women on his arm. But just as he begins falling for the warmhearted Sofia, his face is horribly disfigured in a car accident. That's just the beginning of his troubles as the lines between illusion and reality, between life and death, are blurred.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Penélope Cruz, Cameron Diaz, Kurt Russell, Jason Lee


The Iron Claw: 2023 | R | 132 min | 0 rating
The true story of the inseparable Von Erich brothers, who made history in the intensely competitive world of professional wrestling in the early 1980s. Through tragedy and triumph, under the shadow of their domineering father and coach, the brothers seek larger-than-life immortality on the biggest stage in sports.
Cast: Zac Efron, Jeremy Allen White, Harris Dickinson, Maura Tierney, Stanley Simons


Sister-in-law's Taste: 2020 | NR | 70 min | 6.3 rating
Ha-ni who was on a honeymoon with her husband, Jae-ho, seems to be uncomfortable with her sister-in-law, Ye-ji. She is a freeloader who lives in her brother's house without any other job. When the close brother and sister's affection was being expressed boldly and the sister's obsession with her brother gets stronger day by day, Ha-ni got tired of her sister-in-law's behavior of entering their bedroom in her sexy underwear. Ha-ni goes to Ik-tae, the manager of the cabin and had a physical relationship. What could the real purpose of their trip to the mountain be, and what could be the fate of the married couple that is tangled like a thread around Ha-ni and her sister-in-law's relationship?
Cast: Jin Joo, 泰熙, Jo Yong-bok, Jung Won-II, James


The Hunt for Red October: 1990 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.394 rating
A new technologically-superior Soviet nuclear sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it - because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. The hunt is on!
Cast: Sean Connery, Alec Baldwin, Scott Glenn, Sam Neill, James Earl Jones


Fist of the Condor: 2023 | NR | 85 min | 7.5 rating
Upon the empire’s fall to invading conquistadors, the 16th-century Incas quickly concealed a sacred manual containing the secrets behind their deadly fighting technique. But after centuries of careful safeguarding, the manual is again at risk of falling into the wrong hands, leaving its rightful guardian to battle the world’s greatest assassins to protect the ancient secrets within.
Cast: Marko Zaror, Gina Aguad, Eyal Meyer, Man Soo Yoon, José Manuel


Marriage Story: 2019 | R | 137 min | 7.8 rating
A stage director and an actress struggle through a grueling, coast-to-coast divorce that pushes them to their personal extremes.
Cast: Adam Driver, Scarlett Johansson, Laura Dern, Alan Alda, Ray Liotta


Cloud Atlas: 2012 | R | 172 min | 6.882 rating
A set of six nested stories spanning time between the 19th century and a distant post-apocalyptic future. Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past, the present and the future. Action, mystery and romance weave through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future.  Based on the award winning novel by David Mitchell. Directed by Tom Tykwer and the Wachowskis.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Halle Berry, Jim Broadbent, Hugo Weaving, Jim Sturgess


Jojo Rabbit: 2019 | PG-13 | 108 min | 8.036 rating
A World War II satire that follows a lonely German boy whose world view is turned upside down when he discovers his single mother is hiding a young Jewish girl in their attic. Aided only by his idiotic imaginary friend, Adolf Hitler, Jojo must confront his blind nationalism.
Cast: Roman Griffin Davis, Thomasin McKenzie, Scarlett Johansson, Taika Waititi, Sam Rockwell


Theater Camp: 2023 |  | 93 min | 6.5 rating
After the indomitable and beloved founder of a scrappy theater camp in upstate New York falls into a coma, the eccentric staff must band together with her clueless "crypto-bro" son to keep the thespian paradise afloat.
Cast: Ben Platt, Molly Gordon, Noah Galvin, Jimmy Tatro, Caroline Aaron


Death Race: Inferno: 2013 | R | 104 min | 5.8 rating
Carl Lucas / Frankenstein has won four of his races and needs to win one more to win his freedom. Before his final race, Lucas and his team, car and all, are transferred to another prison where they will compete in a Death Race in the desert. Also, at the same time, Ceaser runs into a marketer who wants to franchise the Death Race program.
Cast: Luke Goss, Ving Rhames, Danny Trejo, Tanit Phoenix, Dougray Scott


Appassionata: 1974 | NR | 96 min | 5.8 rating
Two teenage friends conspire to find out how much their youthful sensuality can disrupt one of their households, headed by a dentist and his mentally-ill wife.
Cast: Ornella Muti, Gabriele Ferzetti, Eleonora Giorgi, Valentina Cortese, Ninetto Davoli


Anaconda: 1997 | PG-13 | 89 min | 5.2 rating
A "National Geographic" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who takes them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Jon Voight, Kari Wuhrer, Ice Cube, Eric Stoltz


The Legend of Tarzan: 2016 | PG-13 | 109 min | 5.895 rating
Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment.
Cast: Alexander Skarsgård, Christoph Waltz, Samuel L. Jackson, Margot Robbie, Djimon Hounsou


Scott Pilgrim vs. the World: 2010 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.483 rating
As bass guitarist for a garage-rock band, Scott Pilgrim has never had trouble getting a girlfriend; usually, the problem is getting rid of them. But when Ramona Flowers skates into his heart, he finds she has the most troublesome baggage of all: an army of ex-boyfriends who will stop at nothing to eliminate him from her list of suitors.
Cast: Michael Cera, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Ellen Wong, Kieran Culkin, Alison Pill


The Truman Show: 1998 | PG | 103 min | 8.135 rating
Truman Burbank is the star of The Truman Show, a 24-hour-a-day reality TV show that broadcasts every aspect of his life without his knowledge. His entire life has been an unending soap opera for consumption by the rest of the world. And everyone he knows, including his wife and his best friend, is really an actor, paid to be part of his life.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natascha McElhone, Holland Taylor


Mr. & Mrs. Smith: 2005 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.678 rating
After five (or six) years of vanilla-wedded bliss, ordinary suburbanites John and Jane Smith are stuck in a huge rut. Unbeknownst to each other, they are both coolly lethal, highly-paid assassins working for rival organisations. When they discover they're each other's next target, their secret lives collide in a spicy, explosive mix of wicked comedy, pent-up passion, nonstop action and high-tech weaponry.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, Vince Vaughn, Adam Brody, Kerry Washington


Big: 1988 | PG | 104 min | 7.162 rating
When a young boy makes a wish at a carnival machine to be big—he wakes up the following morning to find that it has been granted and his body has grown older overnight. But he is still the same 13-year-old boy inside. Now he must learn how to cope with the unfamiliar world of grown-ups including getting a job and having his first romantic encounter with a woman.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Elizabeth Perkins, Robert Loggia, John Heard, Jared Rushton


No Country for Old Men: 2007 | R | 122 min | 7.936 rating
Llewelyn Moss stumbles upon dead bodies, $2 million and a hoard of heroin in a Texas desert, but methodical killer Anton Chigurh comes looking for it, with local sheriff Ed Tom Bell hot on his trail. The roles of prey and predator blur as the violent pursuit of money and justice collide.
Cast: Josh Brolin, Javier Bardem, Tommy Lee Jones, Kelly Macdonald, Woody Harrelson


El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie: 2019 | R | 123 min | 6.951 rating
In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future.
Cast: Aaron Paul, Jesse Plemons, Charles Baker, Matt Jones, Scott MacArthur


They Cloned Tyrone: 2023 | R | 122 min | 6.697 rating
A series of eerie events thrusts an unlikely trio onto the trail of a nefarious government conspiracy lurking directly beneath their neighborhood.
Cast: John Boyega, Teyonah Parris, Jamie Foxx, Kiefer Sutherland, David Alan Grier


Mulan II: 2004 | G | 79 min | 6.478 rating
Fa Mulan gets the surprise of her young life when her love, Captain Li Shang asks for her hand in marriage. Before the two can have their happily ever after, the Emperor assigns them a secret mission, to escort three princesses to Chang'an, China. Mushu is determined to drive a wedge between the couple after he learns that he will lose his guardian job if Mulan marries into the Li family.
Cast: Ming-Na Wen, BD Wong, Mark Moseley, Lucy Liu, Sandra Oh


Kill Bill: Vol. 1: 2003 | R | 111 min | 8 rating
An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle – but she lives to plot her vengeance.
Cast: Uma Thurman, Lucy Liu, Vivica A. Fox, Daryl Hannah, David Carradine


The Claus Family 3: 2022 |  | 74 min | 6.3 rating
When the delivery of presents goes wrong and Grandpa Noël gets in trouble, siblings Jules and Noor must work together to save Christmas.
Cast: Jan Decleir, Mo Bakker, Kürt Rogiers, Bracha van Doesburgh, Amber Metdepenningen


The House: 2022 | NR | 89 min | 6.233 rating
Emma, a French novelist aged 27, decide to go to Berlin and join a brothel to uncover the prostitution world, the subject of her new book. Such as gonzo journalism, Emma become a prostitute and her experience, which was supposed to last a few weeks, will last two years. Was writing her book an excuse for Emma to live a shameful fantasy?
Cast: Ana Girardot, Aure Atika, Rossy de Palma, Yannick Renier, Philippe Rebbot


Blood Vessel: 2023 |  | 118 min | 7.308 rating
Brought together by chance, six people fleeing a town devastated by oil pollution stow away on a mysterious ship — not realizing the dangers that await.
Cast: David Ezekiel, Dibor Adaobi, Jidekene Achufusi, Slyvester Ekanem, Alex Budin


Pokémon the Movie: Kyurem vs. the Sword of Justice: 2012 | G | 71 min | 6.4 rating
Ash and his two friends Iris and Cilan help a Keldeo battle against a powerful Dragon-type Pokémon named Kyurem its his test to become a Sacred Swordsman.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Aoi Yuki, Minami Tsuda, Mamoru Miyano


Trainwreck: 2015 | R | 125 min | 5.791 rating
Having thought that monogamy was never possible, a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy.
Cast: Amy Schumer, Bill Hader, Brie Larson, Colin Quinn, John Cena


The Innkeepers: 2011 | R | 101 min | 5.4 rating
During the final days at the Yankee Pedlar Inn, two employees determined to reveal the hotel's haunted past begin to experience disturbing events as old guests check in for a stay.
Cast: Sara Paxton, Pat Healy, Alison Bartlett, Jake Ryan, Kelly McGillis


The Enforcer: 2022 | R | 91 min | 7.083 rating
A noir thriller set in Miami, the film follows an enforcer who discovers his femme fatale boss has branched out into cyber sex trafficking, putting a young runaway he’s befriended at risk. He sacrifices everything to save the young girl from the deadly organization he’s spent his life building.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Kate Bosworth, Mojean Aria, Alexis Ren, Zolee Griggs


Wolf Creek 2: 2013 | NR | 106 min | 6.396 rating
Lured by the promise of an Australian holiday, backpackers Rutger, Katarina and Paul visit the notorious Wolf Creek Crater.  Their dream Outback adventure soon becomes a horrific reality when they encounter the site's most infamous local, the last man any traveller to the region ever wants to meet—Mick Taylor.  As the backpackers flee, Mick pursues them on an epic white knuckled rampage across hostile wasteland.
Cast: John Jarratt, Ryan Corr, Ben Gerrard, Shane Connor, Shannon Ashlyn


The Art of Racing in the Rain: 2019 | PG | 109 min | 8.208 rating
A family dog – with a near-human soul and a philosopher's mind – evaluates his life through the lessons learned by his human owner, a race-car driver.
Cast: Milo Ventimiglia, Kevin Costner, Amanda Seyfried, Martin Donovan, Ian Lake


Halloween: 1978 | R | 91 min | 7.561 rating
Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween Night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again.
Cast: Donald Pleasence, Jamie Lee Curtis, P.J. Soles, Nancy Kyes, Charles Cyphers


Bridesmaids: 2011 |  | 125 min | 6.529 rating
Annie's life is a mess. But when she finds out her lifetime best friend is engaged, she simply must serve as Lillian's maid of honor. Though lovelorn and broke, Annie bluffs her way through the expensive and bizarre rituals. With one chance to get it perfect, she’ll show Lillian and her bridesmaids just how far you’ll go for someone you love.
Cast: Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Rose Byrne, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Ellie Kemper


Emmanuelle: 1974 | NR | 94 min | 6 rating
Emmanuelle, a svelte, naive young woman, is en route to Bangkok where she'll join her new husband. He works for the French Embassy and has a lovely home, several dedicated servants, and an expensive car at his disposal. Once Emmanuelle arrives, her husband and a few friends introduce her to a realm of sexual ecstasy she'd never imagined.
Cast: Sylvia Kristel, Alain Cuny, Marika Green, Daniel Sarky, Jeanne Colletin


Enemy of the State: 1998 | R | 132 min | 7 rating
When the videotape of the murder of a congressman unknowingly ends up in the hands of labor lawyer and dedicated family man Robert Clayton Dean, he is framed for the murder. With the help of the mysterious Brill, Dean attempts to throw the NSA off his trail and prove his innocence.
Cast: Will Smith, Gene Hackman, Jon Voight, Regina King, Loren Dean


Godzilla: 1954 | NR | 96 min | 7.602 rating
Japan is thrown into a panic after several ships are sunk near Odo Island. An expedition to the island led by Dr. Yemani soon discover something far more devastating than imagined in the form of a 50 meter tall monster whom the natives call Gojira. Now the monster begins a rampage that threatens to destroy not only Japan, but the rest of the world as well.
Cast: Akira Takarada, Momoko Kôchi, Akihiko Hirata, Takashi Shimura, Fuyuki Murakami


The Ledge: 2022 | R | 86 min | 6.5 rating
A rock climbing adventure between two friends turns into a terrifying nightmare. After Kelly captures the murder of her best friend on camera, she becomes the next target of a tight knit group of friends who will stop at nothing to destroy the evidence and anyone in their way.
Cast: Brittany Ashworth, Nathan Welsh, Anaïs Parello, Louis Boyer, Ben Lamb


My First Barbie: Happy DreamDay: 2023 |  | 40 min | 6.4 rating
Sing along with Barbie, Barbie, Teresa, and Renee in this musical adventure as they plan the biggest surprise birthday party ever for Barbie’s sister, Chelsea.
Cast: Melanie Davis, Lisa Fuson, Natalie Lashkari, Stephanie Sheh, Tatiana Varria


Bad Boys for Life: 2020 | R | 124 min | 7.1 rating
Marcus and Mike are forced to confront new threats, career changes, and midlife crises as they join the newly created elite team AMMO of the Miami police department to take down the ruthless Armando Armas, the vicious leader of a Miami drug cartel.
Cast: Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, Paola Nuñez, Vanessa Hudgens, Alexander Ludwig


Fast X: Part 2: 2025 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The eleventh installment in The Fast Saga.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, Nathalie Emmanuel


Charlotte's Web: 2006 | G | 97 min | 6.203 rating
Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the season, because he knows that come that time, he will end up on the dinner table. He hatches a plan with Charlotte, a spider that lives in his pen, to ensure that this will never happen.
Cast: Dakota Fanning, Julia Roberts, Steve Buscemi, John Cleese, Oprah Winfrey


The Age of Adaline: 2015 | PG-13 | 112 min | 7.472 rating
After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident, she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on, Adaline keeps her secret to herself  until she meets a man who changes her life.
Cast: Blake Lively, Michiel Huisman, Harrison Ford, Ellen Burstyn, Kathy Baker


Blood Diamond: 2006 | R | 143 min | 7.537 rating
An ex-mercenary turned smuggler. A Mende fisherman. Amid the explosive civil war overtaking 1999 Sierra Leone, these men join for two desperate missions: recovering a rare pink diamond of immense value and rescuing the fisherman's son, conscripted as a child soldier into the brutal rebel forces ripping a swath of torture and bloodshed countrywide.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Djimon Hounsou, Jennifer Connelly, Kagiso Kuypers, Arnold Vosloo


Oldboy: 2003 | R | 120 min | 8.269 rating
With no clue how he came to be imprisoned, drugged and tortured for 15 years, a desperate businessman seeks revenge on his captors.
Cast: Choi Min-sik, Yoo Ji-tae, Kang Hye-jung, Kim Byeong-ok, Ji Dae-han


When I Think of Christmas: 2022 | G | 84 min | 6.1 rating
Sara Thompson returns to her hometown to help her mother move and is surprised to find her ex-boyfriend Josh Hartman is back home. The two had once planned a life in music together but Sara left to study law. The former flames slowly reconnect and try to heal wounds, both old and new. When Sara makes a surprising discovery, she and Josh forge a bold plan for the upcoming Christmas concert that will lead them all back to their musical roots and make this a holiday to remember.
Cast: Shenae Grimes-Beech, Niall Matter, Beth Broderick, Michelle Creber, Daniel Bacon


Spiderhead: 2022 | R | 106 min | 5.816 rating
A prisoner in a state-of-the-art penitentiary begins to question the purpose of the emotion-controlling drugs he's testing for a pharmaceutical genius.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Miles Teller, Jurnee Smollett, Mark Paguio, Tess Haubrich


Slumdog Millionaire: 2008 | R | 120 min | 7.733 rating
A teenager reflects on his life after being accused of cheating on the Indian version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?".
Cast: Dev Patel, Saurabh Shukla, Anil Kapoor, Raj Zutshi, Jeneva Talwar


A Star Is Born: 2018 | R | 136 min | 7.501 rating
Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers — and falls in love with — struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer — until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons.
Cast: Lady Gaga, Bradley Cooper, Sam Elliott, Andrew Dice Clay, Rafi Gavron


The Tutor: 2023 | R | 92 min | 6.5 rating
When a professional tutor takes a job at a remote manor, he soon finds himself battling his disturbed student’s obsessions, which threaten to expose his darkest secrets and unravel his carefully crafted persona.
Cast: Garrett Hedlund, Noah Schnapp, Victoria Justice, Jonny Weston, Kabby Borders


The Hot Chick: 2002 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.352 rating
Not only is Jessica Spencer the most popular girl in school -- she is also the meanest. But things change for the attractive teen when a freak accident involving a cursed pair of earrings and a chance encounter at a gas station causes her to switch bodies with Clive, a sleazy crook. Jessica, in the form of the repulsive Clive, struggles to adjust to this radical alteration and sets out to get her own body back before the upcoming prom.
Cast: Rob Schneider, Rachel McAdams, Anna Faris, Matthew Lawrence, Eric Christian Olsen


Rambo: Last Blood: 2019 | R | 89 min | 6.5 rating
After fighting his demons for decades, John Rambo now lives in peace on his family ranch in Arizona, but his rest is interrupted when Gabriela, the granddaughter of his housekeeper María, disappears after crossing the border into Mexico to meet her biological father. Rambo, who has become a true father figure for Gabriela over the years, undertakes a desperate and dangerous journey to find her.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Paz Vega, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Adriana Barraza, Yvette Monreal


Barbarian: 2022 | R | 103 min | 6.911 rating
In town for a job interview, a young woman arrives at her Airbnb late at night only to find that it has been mistakenly double-booked and a strange man is already staying there. Against her better judgement, she decides to stay the night anyway.
Cast: Georgina Campbell, Bill Skarsgård, Justin Long, Matthew Patrick Davis, Richard Brake


101 Dalmatians: 1996 | G | 103 min | 5.899 rating
An evil, high-fashion designer plots to steal Dalmatian puppies in order to make an extravagant fur coat, but instead creates an extravagant mess.
Cast: Glenn Close, Jeff Daniels, Joely Richardson, Joan Plowright, Hugh Laurie


Friday: 1995 | R | 97 min | 7.151 rating
Craig and Smokey are two guys in Los Angeles hanging out on their porch on a Friday afternoon, smoking and drinking, looking for something to do.
Cast: Ice Cube, Chris Tucker, Nia Long, Tommy Lister Jr., John Witherspoon


The Gray Man: 2022 | PG-13 | 128 min | 6.98 rating
When a shadowy CIA agent uncovers damning agency secrets, he's hunted across the globe by a sociopathic rogue operative who's put a bounty on his head.
Cast: Ryan Gosling, Chris Evans, Ana de Armas, Billy Bob Thornton, Jessica Henwick


Santa Claus: The Movie: 1985 | PG | 108 min | 6.272 rating
In ancient times, a man named Claus, who delivers toys in his small village, fulfils his destiny to become Santa Claus after meeting an expert toy-making elf, Patch, in the North Pole. In the present day, Santa Claus has become overwhelmed by his workload, and the disgruntled Patch flees the workshop to New York City. There, Patch unknowingly threatens the fate of Christmas by taking a job at a failing toy company run by a scheming businessman.
Cast: Dudley Moore, John Lithgow, David Huddleston, Burgess Meredith, Judy Cornwell


Wrong Turn 3: Left for Dead: 2009 | NR | 91 min | 5.6 rating
A group of people find themselves trapped in the backwoods of West Virginia, fighting for their lives against a group of vicious and horribly disfigured inbred cannibals.
Cast: Tom Frederic, Janet Montgomery, Louise Cliffe, Jack Gordon, Emma Clifford


Outbreak: 1995 | R | 127 min | 6.534 rating
A deadly airborne virus finds its way into the USA and starts killing off people at an epidemic rate. Col. Sam Daniels' job is to stop the virus spreading from a small town, which must be quarantined, and to prevent an over reaction by the White House.
Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo, Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Cuba Gooding Jr.


Kick-Ass: 2010 | R | 117 min | 7.123 rating
Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so.
Cast: Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Chloë Grace Moretz, Nicolas Cage, Lyndsy Fonseca, Mark Strong


Sleepers: 1996 | R | 147 min | 7.595 rating
Two gangsters seek revenge on the state jail worker who during their stay at a youth prison sexually abused them. A sensational court hearing takes place to charge him for the crimes.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman, Jason Patric, Brad Pitt


Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
As the world falls, young Furiosa is snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers into the hands of a great biker horde led by the warlord Dementus. Sweeping through the wasteland, they encounter the citadel presided over by Immortan Joe. The two tyrants wage war for dominance, and Furiosa must survive many trials as she puts together the means to find her way home.
Cast: Anya Taylor-Joy, Chris Hemsworth, Tom Burke, Angus Sampson, Nathan Jones


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: 1990 | PG | 93 min | 6.616 rating
A quartet of humanoid turtles, trained by their mentor in ninjitsu, must learn to work together to face the menace of Shredder and the Foot Clan.
Cast: Judith Hoag, Elias Koteas, Josh Pais, Brian Tochi, Corey Feldman


Groot's First Steps: 2022 | PG | 6 min | 7.021 rating
Following the events of “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 1,” Baby Groot is finally ready to try taking his first steps out of his pot—only to learn you have to walk before you can run.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Fred Tatasciore


Ballerina: 2016 | PG | 89 min | 7.181 rating
Set in 1879 Paris. An orphan girl dreams of becoming a ballerina and flees her rural Brittany for Paris, where she passes for someone else and accedes to the position of pupil at the Grand Opera house.
Cast: Elle Fanning, Dane DeHaan, Carly Rae Jepsen, Maddie Ziegler, Mel Brooks


Blankman: 1994 | PG-13 | 96 min | 5.3 rating
Darryl is a childlike man with a genius for inventing various gadgets out of junk. When he stumbles on a method to make his clothes bulletproof, he decides to use his skills to be the lowest budgeted superhero of all.
Cast: Damon Wayans, David Alan Grier, Robin Givens, Christopher Lawford, Jason Alexander


Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull: 2008 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6 rating
Set during the Cold War, the Soviets—led by sword-wielding Irina Spalko—are in search of a crystal skull which has supernatural powers related to a mystical Lost City of Gold. Indy is coerced to head to Peru at the behest of a young man whose friend—and Indy's colleague—Professor Oxley has been captured for his knowledge of the skull's whereabouts.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Cate Blanchett, Karen Allen, Shia LaBeouf, Ray Winstone


Baby Ruby: 2023 |  | 93 min | 5.558 rating
After welcoming her baby, Ruby, home, the tightly scripted world of lifestyle influencer Jo starts to unravel. As increasingly sinister happenings mount, Jo is plunged into a waking fever dream where everyone is a threat and nothing is what it seems.
Cast: Noémie Merlant, Kit Harington, Camila Canó-Flaviá, Eisa Davis, Maxwell Cosmo Cramer


Death Race 2: 2010 | R | 100 min | 5.802 rating
In the world's most dangerous prison, a new game is born: Death Race. The rules of this adrenaline-fueled blood sport are simple, drive or die. When repentant convict Carl Lucas discovers there's a price on his head, his only hope is to survive a twisted race against an army of hardened criminals and tricked-out cars.
Cast: Luke Goss, Lauren Cohan, Sean Bean, Danny Trejo, Ving Rhames


Legend of the BoneKnapper Dragon: 2010 | PG | 16 min | 6.7 rating
The film follows Hiccup and his young fellows accompanying their mentor, Gobber, on a quest to kill the legendary Boneknapper Dragon. An extra that accompanies the film "How to Train Your Dragon".
Cast: Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill


Sin City: A Dame to Kill For: 2014 | R | 102 min | 6.366 rating
Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants.
Cast: Mickey Rourke, Jessica Alba, Bruce Willis, Josh Brolin, Joseph Gordon-Levitt


Why Him?: 2016 | R | 111 min | 6.374 rating
A dad forms a bitter rivalry with his daughter's young rich boyfriend.
Cast: Bryan Cranston, James Franco, Zoey Deutch, Megan Mullally, Griffin Gluck


Gone Baby Gone: 2007 | R | 113 min | 7.303 rating
When 4 year old Amanda McCready disappears from her home and the police make little headway in solving the case, the girl's aunt, Beatrice McCready hires two private detectives, Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro. The detectives freely admit that they have little experience with this type of case, but the family wants them for two reasons—they're not cops and they know the tough neighborhood in which they all live.
Cast: Casey Affleck, Michelle Monaghan, Morgan Freeman, Ed Harris, John Ashton


Snake and Whip: 1986 | NR | 70 min | 5.2 rating
Young, ravishingly beautiful girl (Ran Masaki) accepts a lucrative job as a secretary. Pretty soon company boss makes a pass at her in an abrupt manner. When outraged girl slaps him in the face, the man deliberately plans a revenge. Soon the unsuspecting girl falls into a trap and is forced to become his sex-slave! Long accustomed to S&M practices, the boss (we can properly call him "Master" from now on) will stop at nothing to humiliate the poor girl and to make her feel like the common animal.
Cast: Ran Masaki, Rena Kuroki, Ryûichi Yabuki, Gôsen Mikami, Sanae Takada


Blade: Trinity: 2004 | R | 123 min | 5.9 rating
For years, Blade has fought against the vampires in the cover of the night. But now, after falling into the crosshairs of the FBI, he is forced out into the daylight, where he is driven to join forces with a clan of human vampire hunters he never knew existed—The Nightstalkers. Together with Abigail and Hannibal, two deftly trained Nightstalkers, Blade follows a trail of blood to the ancient creature that is also hunting him—the original vampire, Dracula.
Cast: Wesley Snipes, Jessica Biel, Ryan Reynolds, Kris Kristofferson, Dominic Purcell


There Will Be Blood: 2007 | R | 158 min | 8.087 rating
Ruthless silver miner, turned oil prospector, Daniel Plainview, moves to oil-rich California. Using his son to project a trustworthy, family-man image, Plainview cons local landowners into selling him their valuable properties for a pittance. However, local preacher Eli Sunday suspects Plainview's motives and intentions, starting a slow-burning feud that threatens both their lives.
Cast: Daniel Day-Lewis, Paul Dano, Kevin J. O'Connor, Ciarán Hinds, Dillon Freasier


Drillbit Taylor: 2008 | PG-13 | 102 min | 5.774 rating
Three kids hire a low-budget bodyguard to protect them from the playground bully, not realising he is just a homeless beggar and petty thief looking for some easy cash.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Leslie Mann, Nate Hartley, Troy Gentile, David Dorfman


The Incredible Hulk: 2008 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.208 rating
Scientist Bruce Banner scours the planet for an antidote to the unbridled force of rage within him: the Hulk. But when the military masterminds who dream of exploiting his powers force him back to civilization, he finds himself coming face to face with a new, deadly foe.
Cast: Edward Norton, Liv Tyler, Tim Roth, William Hurt, Tim Blake Nelson


Thirteen Lives: 2022 | PG-13 | 147 min | 7.9 rating
Based on the true nail-biting mission that captivated the world. Twelve boys and the coach of a Thai soccer team explore the Tham Luang cave when an unexpected rainstorm traps them in a chamber inside the mountain. Entombed behind a maze of flooded cave tunnels, they face impossible odds. A team of world-class divers navigate through miles of dangerous cave networks to discover that finding the boys is only the beginning.
Cast: Viggo Mortensen, Colin Farrell, Joel Edgerton, Tom Bateman, Paul Gleeson


Scooby-Doo: 2002 | PG | 88 min | 6.06 rating
When the Mystery Inc. gang is invited to Spooky Island, a popular amusement park, they soon discover that the attractions aren't the only things that are spooky. Strange things are happening, and it's up to Scooby, Shaggy, Fred, Daphne, and Velma to uncover the truth behind the mysterious happenings.
Cast: Freddie Prinze Jr., Sarah Michelle Gellar, Matthew Lillard, Linda Cardellini, Rowan Atkinson


Skyscraper: 2018 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.3 rating
Framed and on the run, a former FBI agent must save his family from a blazing fire in the world's tallest building.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Neve Campbell, Chin Han, Roland Møller, Noah Taylor


Trick: 2019 |  | 101 min | 5.89 rating
A detective tries to track down a masked killer who reappears every Halloween to wreak bloody havoc.
Cast: Omar Epps, Tom Atkins, Jamie Kennedy, Ellen Adair, Kristina Reyes


One Fine Morning: 2022 |  | 113 min | 6.7 rating
With a father suffering from neurodegenerative disease, a young woman lives with her eight-year-old daughter. While struggling to secure a decent nursing home, she runs into an unavailable friend with whom she embarks on an affair.
Cast: Léa Seydoux, Pascal Greggory, Melvil Poupaud, Nicole Garcia, Camille Leban Martins


Aliens vs Predator: Requiem: 2007 | R | 94 min | 5.171 rating
The iconic creatures from two of the scariest film franchises in movie history wage their most brutal battle ever—in our own backyard. The small town of Gunnison, Colorado becomes a war zone between two of the deadliest extra-terrestrial life forms—the Alien and the Predator. When a Predator scout ship crash-lands in the hills outside the town, Alien Facehuggers and a hybrid Alien/Predator are released and begin to terrorize the town.
Cast: Steven Pasquale, Reiko Aylesworth, John Ortiz, Johnny Lewis, Ariel Gade


The Ten Commandments: 1956 | G | 220 min | 7.759 rating
Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people.
Cast: Charlton Heston, Yul Brynner, Anne Baxter, Edward G. Robinson, Yvonne De Carlo


Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé: 2023 | NR | 170 min | 8.542 rating
Accentuates the journey of Renaissance World Tour, from its inception, to the opening in Stockholm, Sweden, to the finale in Kansas City, Missouri. It is about Beyoncé’s intention, hard work, involvement in every aspect of the production, her creative mind and purpose to create her legacy, and master her craft. Received with extraordinary acclaim, Beyoncé’s Renaissance World Tour created a sanctuary for freedom, and shared joy, for more than 2.7 million fans.
Cast: Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Blue Ivy Carter, Sir Carter, Rumi Carter


A Good Day to Die Hard: 2013 | R | 98 min | 5.328 rating
Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClane, finds himself for the first time on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit, and battling a countdown to war, the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Jai Courtney, Sebastian Koch, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Yuliya Snigir


The Lovely Bones: 2009 | PG-13 | 136 min | 7.075 rating
After being brutally murdered, 14-year-old Susie Salmon watches from heaven over her grief-stricken family -- and her killer. As she observes their daily lives, she must balance her thirst for revenge with her desire for her family to heal.
Cast: Saoirse Ronan, Mark Wahlberg, Rachel Weisz, Susan Sarandon, Stanley Tucci


The Guilty: 2021 | R | 91 min | 6.408 rating
A demoted police officer assigned to a call dispatch desk is conflicted when he receives an emergency phone call from a kidnapped woman.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Ethan Hawke, Riley Keough, Peter Sarsgaard, Christina Vidal


Twelve Monkeys: 1995 | R | 129 min | 7.602 rating
In the year 2035, convict James Cole reluctantly volunteers to be sent back in time to discover the origin of a deadly virus that wiped out nearly all of the earth's population and forced the survivors into underground communities. But when Cole is mistakenly sent to 1990 instead of 1996, he's arrested and locked up in a mental hospital. There he meets psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly, and patient Jeffrey Goines, the son of a famous virus expert, who may hold the key to the mysterious rogue group, the Army of the 12 Monkeys, thought to be responsible for unleashing the killer disease.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Madeleine Stowe, Brad Pitt, Christopher Plummer, David Morse


Joseph: King of Dreams: 2000 | G | 74 min | 6.777 rating
In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis, Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Mark Hamill, Richard Herd, Maureen McGovern, Jodi Benson


Night Hunter: 2019 | R | 95 min | 6.507 rating
A Minnesota police officer crosses paths with a committed and tireless vigilante as he follows the trail of a ruthless predator responsible for several abductions and murders.
Cast: Henry Cavill, Ben Kingsley, Alexandra Daddario, Stanley Tucci, Brendan Fletcher


Sliver: 1993 | R | 108 min | 5.5 rating
A woman moves into an apartment in Manhattan and learns that the previous tenant's life ended mysteriously after they fell from the balcony.
Cast: Sharon Stone, William Baldwin, Tom Berenger, Polly Walker, Colleen Camp


Contagion: 2011 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.64 rating
As an epidemic of a lethal airborne virus - that kills within days - rapidly grows, the worldwide medical community races to find a cure and control the panic that spreads faster than the virus itself.
Cast: Marion Cotillard, Matt Damon, Laurence Fishburne, Jude Law, Kate Winslet


The Rental: 2020 | R | 88 min | 5.5 rating
Two couples on an oceanside getaway grow suspicious that the host of their seemingly perfect rental house may be spying on them. Before long, what should have been a celebratory weekend trip turns into something far more sinister.
Cast: Dan Stevens, Alison Brie, Sheila Vand, Jeremy Allen White, Toby Huss


Superman Returns: 2006 | PG-13 | 154 min | 5.7 rating
Superman returns to discover his 5-year absence has allowed Lex Luthor to walk free, and that those he was closest to felt abandoned and have moved on. Luthor plots his ultimate revenge that could see millions killed and change the face of the planet forever, as well as ridding himself of the Man of Steel.
Cast: Brandon Routh, Kevin Spacey, Kate Bosworth, James Marsden, Parker Posey


The Smurfs 2: 2013 | PG | 105 min | 5.766 rating
The evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world¹s greatest sorcerer. It's up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our world, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue?
Cast: Hank Azaria, Neil Patrick Harris, Jayma Mays, Brendan Gleeson, Katy Perry


Don't Breathe 2: 2021 | R | 98 min | 7.105 rating
The Blind Man has been hiding out for several years in an isolated cabin and has taken in and raised a young girl orphaned from a devastating house fire. Their quiet life together is shattered when a group of criminals kidnap the girl, forcing the Blind Man to leave his safe haven to save her.
Cast: Stephen Lang, Brendan Sexton III, Madelyn Grace, Stephanie Arcila, Rocci Williams


Escape: Puzzle of Fear: 2020 |  | 83 min | 4 rating
Hot-shot Hollywood agent Matthew Blake has a dark past. He thinks that he is on his way to a double date with his oldest friend to a new Escape Room in Los Angeles. When the couples are locked into the Escape Room, Matthew quickly finds himself at the center of a revenge plot meant to right the wrongs of his past, with deadly results.
Cast: Tommy Nash, Aubrey Reynolds, Omar Gooding, Naina Michaud, Nicholas Turturro


Confidential Informant: 2023 | R | 88 min | 6.227 rating
During a crack epidemic two narcotics agents hunting for a cop killer. Hoping for leads, Moran and Thorton pay off a junkie informant. To provide for his wife and son, Moran involves the stool pigeon in a deadly scheme. This causes the partners to come under the scrutiny of a suspicious internal affairs agent.
Cast: Dominic Purcell, Kate Bosworth, Mel Gibson, Arielle Raycene, Nick Stahl


Notre tout petit petit mariage: 2023 | NR | 82 min | 4.2 rating
Max and Lou have made a promise to each other. For their wedding it will be only them and their witnesses. But that... That was without counting on the HUGE surprise party that awaits them! They wanted to be 4, they find themselves 300 and everything is going to get out of control very quickly... They were dreaming small, small... They will have big, VERY VERY big!
Cast: Ahmed Sylla, Camille Lou, Grégoire Bonnet, Lola Marois-Bigard, Marc Riso


Emancipation: 2022 | R | 132 min | 7.887 rating
Inspired by the gripping true story of a man who would do anything for his family—and for freedom. When Peter, an enslaved man, risks his life to escape and return to his family, he embarks on a perilous journey of love and endurance.
Cast: Will Smith, Ben Foster, Charmaine Bingwa, Gilbert Owuor, Ronnie Gene Blevins


Blank Check: 1994 | PG | 93 min | 5.845 rating
Bullied by his siblings and nagged by his parents, 11-year-old Preston is fed up with his family -- especially their frugality. But he gets his chance to teach them a lesson when a money-laundering criminal nearly bulldozes Preston with his car and gives the boy a blank check as compensation. Preston makes the check out for $1 million and goes on a spending spree he'll never forget. Maybe now, his family will take him seriously!
Cast: Brian Bonsall, Karen Duffy, James Rebhorn, Jayne Atkinson, Michael Faustino


Crimson Tide: 1995 | R | 116 min | 7.167 rating
After the Cold War, a breakaway Russian republic with nuclear warheads becomes a possible worldwide threat. U.S. submarine Capt. Frank Ramsey signs on a relatively green but highly recommended Lt. Cmdr. Ron Hunter to the USS Alabama, which may be the only ship able to stop a possible Armageddon. When Ramsay insists that the Alabama must act aggressively, Hunter, fearing they will start rather than stop a disaster, leads a potential mutiny to stop him.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Gene Hackman, Matt Craven, George Dzundza, Viggo Mortensen


Best. Christmas. Ever!: 2023 | PG | 82 min | 5.448 rating
After a twist of fate brings their families together for Christmas, Charlotte sets out to prove her old friend Jackie's life is too good to be true.
Cast: Brandy Norwood, Heather Graham, Matt Cedeño, Jason Biggs, Wyatt Hunt


Overcomer: 2019 | PG | 119 min | 7.6 rating
After reluctantly agreeing to coach cross-country, high school basketball Coach John Harrison helps the least likely runner attempt the impossible in the biggest race of the year.
Cast: Alex Kendrick, Priscilla C. Shirer, Cameron Arnett, Shari Rigby, Aryn Wright-Thompson


I Want to Eat Your Pancreas: 2018 |  | 108 min | 8.249 rating
After his classmate and crush is diagnosed with a pancreatic disease, an average high schooler sets out to make the most of her final days.
Cast: Mahiro Takasugi, Lynn, Yukiyo Fujii, Yuma Uchida, Jun Fukushima


Other Side of the Box: 2018 | NR | 15 min | 6.823 rating
A couple receives a mysterious package from an old friend.
Cast: Tyler Pochop, Teagan Rose, Joshua Schell, Nick Tag


Day Shift: 2022 | R | 113 min | 6.8 rating
An LA vampire hunter has a week to come up with the cash to pay for his kid's tuition and braces. Trying to make a living these days just might kill him.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Dave Franco, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Meagan Good, Zion Broadnax


Left Behind: 2014 | PG-13 | 110 min | 4.207 rating
A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Chad Michael Murray, Lea Thompson, Nicky Whelan, Martin Klebba


Forbidden Planet: 1956 |  | 98 min | 7.263 rating
Starship C57D travels to planet Altair 4 in search of the crew of spaceship "Bellerophon," a scientific expedition that has been missing for 20 years, only to find themselves unwelcome by the expedition's lone survivor and warned of destruction by an invisible force if they don't turn back immediately.
Cast: Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, Leslie Nielsen, Warren Stevens, Jack Kelly


The Smile of the Fox: 1992 | NR | 86 min | 5.6 rating
Mark, a hitman haunted by his past as a corrupt Miami cop and the death of his wife and son,  prepares for his next killing. Gradually he becomes fascinated by the beautiful prostitute who lives in the next apartment and they embark on a passionate affair. Their dreams of a life together are complicated by her pimp being a drugs baron; before they can escape he must die, but things are never that simple...
Cast: Debora Caprioglio, Steve Bond, Sharon Marino, Leonardo Treviglio, Pedro Loeb


Apex: 2021 | PG-13 | 108 min | 5.256 rating
Ex-cop Thomas Malone is serving a life sentence for a crime he didn’t commit. He is offered a chance at freedom if he can survive a deadly game of Apex, in which six hunters pay for the pleasure of hunting another human on a remote island. He accepts, and once he arrives, all hell breaks loose.
Cast: Neal McDonough, Bruce Willis, Corey Large, Alexia Fast, Nels Lennarson


The Reader: 2008 | R | 124 min | 7.4 rating
The story of Michael Berg, a German lawyer who, as a teenager in the late 1950s, had an affair with an older woman, Hanna, who then disappeared only to resurface years later as one of the defendants in a war crimes trial stemming from her actions as a concentration camp guard late in the war. He alone realizes that Hanna is illiterate and may be concealing that fact at the expense of her freedom.
Cast: Kate Winslet, Ralph Fiennes, David Kross, Lena Olin, Bruno Ganz


Stonehearst Asylum: 2014 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.823 rating
A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change.
Cast: Kate Beckinsale, Jim Sturgess, David Thewlis, Brendan Gleeson, Ben Kingsley


The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader: 2010 | PG | 113 min | 6.436 rating
This time around Edmund and Lucy Pevensie, along with their pesky cousin Eustace Scrubb find themselves swallowed into a painting and on to a fantastic Narnian ship headed for the very edges of the world.
Cast: Georgie Henley, Skandar Keynes, Ben Barnes, Will Poulter, Anna Popplewell


Simulant: 2023 |  | 95 min | 5.9 rating
Faye attempts to replace her newly deceased husband, Evan, with an android simulant (SIM). Although SIM Evan appears like human Evan in every way, Faye does not feel the same love for SIM Evan as it does for her. SIM Evan tries to win Faye back while at the same time being on-the-run from a government agent chasing down SIMs who have become “conscious” and could potentially be a threat to humankind.
Cast: Robbie Amell, Jordana Brewster, Simu Liu, Sam Worthington, Alicia Sanz


The Courier: 2020 |  | 112 min | 7.035 rating
Cold War spy Greville Wynne and his Russian source try to put an end to the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Merab Ninidze, Rachel Brosnahan, Jessie Buckley, Angus Wright


Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets: 2017 | PG-13 | 136 min | 6.628 rating
In the 28th century, Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense, the two undertake a mission to Alpha, an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets, and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe.
Cast: Dane DeHaan, Cara Delevingne, Clive Owen, Rihanna, Ethan Hawke


Minority Report: 2002 | PG-13 | 145 min | 7.342 rating
John Anderton is a top 'Precrime' cop in the late-21st century, when technology can predict crimes before they're committed. But Anderton becomes the quarry when another investigator targets him for a murder charge.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Samantha Morton, Max von Sydow, Colin Farrell, Kathryn Morris


Dark Phoenix: 2019 | PG-13 | 114 min | 5.991 rating
The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy.
Cast: Sophie Turner, James McAvoy, Nicholas Hoult, Tye Sheridan, Michael Fassbender


Downsizing: 2017 | R | 135 min | 5.33 rating
A kindly occupational therapist undergoes a new procedure to be shrunken to four inches tall so that he and his wife can help save the planet and afford a nice lifestyle at the same time.
Cast: Matt Damon, Christoph Waltz, Hong Chau, Kristen Wiig, Rolf Lassgård


Attack on Titan: 2022 |  | 93 min | 6.018 rating
As viable water is depleted on Earth, a mission is sent to Saturn's moon Titan to retrieve sustainable H2O reserves from its alien inhabitants. But just as the humans acquire the precious resource, they are attacked by Titan rebels, who don't trust that the Earthlings will leave in peace.
Cast: Paul Bianchi, Erin Coker, Jack Pearson, Anthony Jensen, Neli Sabour


Aftersun: 2022 |  | 102 min | 7.696 rating
Sophie reflects on the shared joy and private melancholy of a holiday she took with her father twenty years earlier. Memories real and imagined fill the gaps between miniDV footage as she tries to reconcile the father she knew with the man she didn't.
Cast: Paul Mescal, Frankie Corio, Celia Rowlson-Hall, Sally Messham, Ayşe Parlak


Dual: 2022 | R | 95 min | 5.959 rating
A terminally ill woman opts for a cloning procedure to ease her loss on her friends and family. When she makes a miraculous recovery, her attempts to have her clone decommissioned fail and lead to a court-mandated duel to the death.
Cast: Karen Gillan, Aaron Paul, Beulah Koale, Theo James, Elina Jackson


Three Swedish Girls in Upper Bavaria: 1977 | NR | 93 min | 5.5 rating
Otto runs a hotel for tourists in Tyrol but has troubles both with the economy and with his wife Olga. After a trip to Stockholm he imports three Swedish blondes who eventually save Otto from disaster, both marital and financial.
Cast: Gianni Garko, Alexander Grill, Beate Hasenau, Inge Fock, Herbert Fux


The Color Purple: 1985 | PG-13 | 154 min | 7.742 rating
An epic tale spanning forty years in the life of Celie, an African-American woman living in the South who survives incredible abuse and bigotry. After Celie's abusive father marries her off to the equally debasing 'Mister' Albert Johnson, things go from bad to worse, leaving Celie to find companionship anywhere she can. She perseveres, holding on to her dream of one day being reunited with her sister in Africa.
Cast: Whoopi Goldberg, Danny Glover, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey, Willard E. Pugh


Death on the Nile: 1978 | PG | 140 min | 7.142 rating
As Hercule Poirot enjoys a luxurious cruise down the Nile, a newlywed heiress is found murdered on board. Can Poirot identify the killer before the ship reaches the end of its journey?
Cast: Peter Ustinov, Jane Birkin, Lois Chiles, Bette Davis, Mia Farrow


Alien³: 1992 | R | 114 min | 6.355 rating
After escaping with Newt and Hicks from the alien planet, Ripley crash lands on Fiorina 161, a prison planet and host to a correctional facility. Unfortunately, although Newt and Hicks do not survive the crash, a more unwelcome visitor does. The prison does not allow weapons of any kind, and with aid being a long time away, the prisoners must simply survive in any way they can.
Cast: Sigourney Weaver, Charles S. Dutton, Charles Dance, Lance Henriksen, Paul McGann


Endless Love: 1981 | R | 116 min | 5.55 rating
Parental disapproval of two teenagers wrapped up in a passionate love affair causes a confusion of arson, death and insanity.
Cast: Brooke Shields, Martin Hewitt, Shirley Knight, Don Murray, Richard Kiley


Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: 1989 | PG | 93 min | 6.281 rating
The scientist father of a teenage girl and boy accidentally shrinks his and two other neighborhood teens to the size of insects. Now the teens must fight diminutive dangers as the father searches for them.
Cast: Rick Moranis, Matt Frewer, Marcia Strassman, Kristine Sutherland, Thomas Wilson Brown


Dragon Ball GT: A Hero's Legacy: 1997 | PG | 45 min | 6.771 rating
Son Goku Jr. is the great-great-great-great-grandson of the legendary martial artist Son Goku. However, unlike his predecessor he's not a brave fighter. He's constantly picked on by school bullies, his grandmother Pan sees this and she's worried, but even though Goku Jr. is not a strong and powerful Saiyan, he has a kind heart, and Pan loves him. When Pan gets sick Goku Jr. realizes he must do something if he doesn't want to lose Pan. Then he will remember about the legends of the Dragon Balls. It was told they granted a wish to the bearer, Goku Jr. needs a magical wish more than ever.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Yuko Minaguchi, Shin Aomori


Robin Hood: 2018 | PG-13 | 116 min | 5.896 rating
A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown.
Cast: Taron Egerton, Jamie Foxx, Ben Mendelsohn, Eve Hewson, Jamie Dornan


The Jungle Book 2: 2003 | G | 72 min | 5.9 rating
Mowgli has been living in the man-village with his little stepbrother Ranjan and his best friend Shanti. But the man-cub still has that jungle rhythm in his heart, and he misses his old buddies Baloo and Bagheera. When Mowgli wanders back to the wild for some swingin' fun, he soon finds the man-eating tiger Shere Khan is lurking in the shadows and planning his revenge.
Cast: John Goodman, Haley Joel Osment, Mae Whitman, Connor Funk, Bob Joles


Battle: Los Angeles: 2011 | PG-13 | 116 min | 5.74 rating
When once distant UFOs become a terrifying threat attacking Earth, a Marine staff sergeant and his team take it upon themselves to face the enemy and protect what remains of the planet.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Ramón Rodríguez, Will Rothhaar, Michael Peña, Bridget Moynahan


Twins: 1988 | PG | 107 min | 5.993 rating
Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Danny DeVito, Kelly Preston, Chloe Webb, Bonnie Bartlett


Chronicle: 2012 | PG-13 | 84 min | 6.824 rating
Three high school students make an incredible discovery, leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage, their lives start to spin out of control, and their darker sides begin to take over.
Cast: Dane DeHaan, Alex Russell, Michael B. Jordan, Michael Kelly, Ashley Grace


Tom and Jerry: The Fast and the Furry: 2005 | G | 75 min | 6.892 rating
After being evicted from their old house by Tom's owner for causing major damage, cat and mouse Tom and Jerry enter a race entitled the "Fabulous Super Race" to win a mansion.
Cast: Charlie Adler, Jeff Bennett, John DiMaggio, Jess Harnell, Tom Kenny


Pinocchio: 2022 | PG | 105 min | 6.417 rating
A wooden puppet embarks on a thrilling adventure to become a real boy.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Tom Hanks, Benjamin Evan Ainsworth, Angus Wright, Cynthia Erivo


City of Angels: 1998 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.779 rating
When guardian angel Seth - who invisibly watches over the citizens of Los Angeles - becomes captivated by Maggie, a strong-willed heart surgeon, he ponders trading in his pure, otherworldly existence for a mortal life with his beloved. The couple embarks on a tender but forbidden romance spanning heaven and Earth.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan, Andre Braugher, Dennis Franz, Colm Feore


Unforgettable: 2017 | R | 100 min | 5.9 rating
Julia moves in with her fiancé, David, but his ex-wife and her own haunting past join forces to rock her quiet suburban existence.
Cast: Rosario Dawson, Katherine Heigl, Geoff Stults, Isabella Kai, Cheryl Ladd


The Forbidden Kingdom: 2008 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.612 rating
An American teenager who is obsessed with Hong Kong cinema and kung-fu classics makes an extraordinary discovery in a Chinatown pawnshop: the legendary stick weapon of the Chinese sage and warrior, the Monkey King. With the lost relic in hand, the teenager unexpectedly finds himself travelling back to ancient China to join a crew of warriors from martial arts lore on a dangerous quest to free the imprisoned Monkey King.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Jet Li, Michael Angarano, Liu Yifei, Li Bingbing


We're the Millers: 2013 | R | 110 min | 6.82 rating
A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico.
Cast: Jennifer Aniston, Jason Sudeikis, Emma Roberts, Will Poulter, Kathryn Hahn


¿Quieres ser mi hijo?: 2023 | PG-13 | 100 min | 8.594 rating
Lu, a conformist woman in her forties, learns that her 15-year partner has been having extramarital affairs. Starting from scratch, she gets involved in an unexpected relationship with a young womanizer.
Cast: Ludwika Paleta, Juanpa Zurita, Hernán Mendoza, Harold Azuara, Agustín Arana


Coma: 1978 | PG | 113 min | 6.749 rating
A young female doctor discovers something sinister going on in her hospital. Relatively healthy patients are having 'complications' during simple operations and ending up in comas. The patients are then shipped off to an institute that looks after them. The young doctor suspects there is more to this than meets the eye.
Cast: Geneviève Bujold, Michael Douglas, Elizabeth Ashley, Rip Torn, Richard Widmark


One Week Friends: 2022 | NR | 106 min | 5.7 rating
A high school student suffers from a strange amnesia, causing her memories to only last a week. After she befriends a new student, his kindness and persistence make her gradually open up.
Cast: Zhao Jinmai, Lin Yi, Shen Yue, Fan Shiran, Zhang Chenxiao


El Dorado: 1966 | G | 126 min | 7.4 rating
Cole Thornton, a gunfighter for hire, joins forces with an old friend, Sheriff J.P. Harrah. Together with a fighter and a gambler, they help a rancher and his family fight a rival rancher that is trying to steal their water.
Cast: John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, James Caan, Charlene Holt, Paul Fix


Hustle: 2022 | R | 118 min | 7.779 rating
After discovering a once-in-a-lifetime player with a rocky past abroad, a down on his luck basketball scout takes it upon himself to bring the phenom to the States without his team's approval. Against the odds, they have one final shot to prove they have what it takes to make it in the NBA.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Queen Latifah, Juancho Hernangómez, Anthony Edwards, Kenny Smith


A Million Miles Away: 2023 | PG | 122 min | 8 rating
The life of engineer and former NASA astronaut José M. Hernández, the first migrant farmworker to go to space.
Cast: Michael Peña, Rosa Salazar, Julio Cedillo, Veronica Falcón, Juanpi Monterrubio


American History X: 1998 | R | 119 min | 8.35 rating
Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for killing two African-American men. Through his brother, Danny Vineyard's narration, we learn that before going to prison, Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison, Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did.
Cast: Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee


Van Helsing: 2004 | PG-13 | 132 min | 6.3 rating
Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula. Anna Valerious reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Kate Beckinsale, Richard Roxburgh, David Wenham, Shuler Hensley


The Jungle Book: 1967 | G | 78 min | 7.3 rating
The boy Mowgli makes his way to the man-village with Bagheera, the wise panther. Along the way he meets jazzy King Louie, the hypnotic snake Kaa and the lovable, happy-go-lucky bear Baloo, who teaches Mowgli "The Bare Necessities" of life and the true meaning of friendship.
Cast: Bruce Reitherman, Phil Harris, Sebastian Cabot, George Sanders, Sterling Holloway


Zack and Miri Make a Porno: 2008 | R | 102 min | 6.308 rating
Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll, however, the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought.
Cast: Elizabeth Banks, Seth Rogen, Craig Robinson, Gerry Bednob, Edward Janda


The Wait: 2022 | NR | 100 min | 6.1 rating
The idyllic and secluded Finnish archipelago. The pandemic soars across the world. Elli’s world trembles as her husband’s old friend arrives at the island.
Cast: Inka Kallén, Aku Hirviniemi, Andrei Alén, Adeliina Arajuuri, Eino Heiskanen


The Secret Gift of Christmas: 2023 | G | 84 min | 7 rating
Bonnie is a personal shopper who helps her new, widowed client Patrick reconnect with his young daughter. Though Bonnie and Patrick's ideas of shopping couldn't be more different, she is determined to get Patrick and his daughter everything on their wish list.
Cast: Meghan Ory, Christopher Russell, Aria Publicover


Bad Santa: 2003 | R | 92 min | 6.525 rating
A miserable conman and his partner pose as Santa and his Little Helper to rob department stores on Christmas Eve. But they run into problems when the conman befriends a troubled kid.
Cast: Billy Bob Thornton, Tony Cox, Brett Kelly, Bernie Mac, John Ritter


Project Gemini: 2022 |  | 98 min | 5.823 rating
After depleting Earth's resources for centuries, humankind's survival requires an exodus to outer space. An international expedition is quickly formed to find a suitable new planet, but when plans go awry, the crew is suddenly stranded without power on a strange planet, where something unimaginable lies in wait.
Cast: Egor Koreshkov, Alena Konstantinova, Konstantin Samoukov, Pyotr Romanov, Nikita Dyuvbanov


The Requin: 2022 | R | 89 min | 4.9 rating
A couple on a romantic getaway find themselves stranded at sea when a tropical storm sweeps away their villa. In order to survive, they are forced to fight the elements, while sharks circle below.
Cast: Alicia Silverstone, James Tupper, Deirdre O'Connell, Danny Chung, Jennifer Mudge


Air: 2023 | R | 111 min | 7.367 rating
Discover the game-changing partnership between a then undiscovered Michael Jordan and Nike's fledgling basketball division which revolutionized the world of sports and culture with the Air Jordan brand.
Cast: Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Jason Bateman, Chris Messina, Viola Davis


Die Hart: 2023 |  | 85 min | 5.966 rating
Kevin Hart - playing a version of himself - is on a death-defying quest to become an action star. And with a little help from John Travolta, Nathalie Emmanuel, and Josh Hartnett - he just might pull it off.
Cast: Kevin Hart, John Travolta, Nathalie Emmanuel, Jean Reno, Josh Hartnett


Hellboy: 2019 | R | 121 min | 5.556 rating
Hellboy comes to England, where he must defeat Nimue, Merlin's consort and the Blood Queen. But their battle will bring about the end of the world, a fate he desperately tries to turn away.
Cast: David Harbour, Milla Jovovich, Ian McShane, Sasha Lane, Daniel Dae Kim


Batman & Robin: 1997 | PG-13 | 125 min | 4.336 rating
Batman and Robin deal with relationship issues while preventing Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from attacking Gotham City.
Cast: George Clooney, Uma Thurman, Chris O'Donnell, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Alicia Silverstone


Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian: 2009 | PG | 105 min | 6.134 rating
Hapless museum night watchman Larry Daley must help his living, breathing exhibit friends out of a pickle now that they've been transferred to the archives at the Smithsonian Institution. Larry's (mis)adventures this time include close encounters with Amelia Earhart, Abe Lincoln and Ivan the Terrible.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Amy Adams, Owen Wilson, Hank Azaria, Robin Williams


Hardcore Henry: 2015 | R | 96 min | 6.388 rating
Henry, a newly resurrected cyborg who must save his wife/creator from the clutches of a psychotic tyrant with telekinetic powers, AKAN, and his army of mercenaries. Fighting alongside Henry is Jimmy, who is Henry's only hope to make it through the day. Hardcore Henry takes place over the course of one day, in Moscow, Russia.
Cast: Sharlto Copley, Danila Kozlovsky, Haley Bennett, Tim Roth, Andrey Dementyev


The Evil Dead: 1981 | NC-17 | 85 min | 7.311 rating
Five vacationing college students unwittingly resurrect demonic spirits through the Book of the Dead. Now there is no escape. The guilty must be punished.
Cast: Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, Richard DeManincor, Betsy Baker, Theresa Tilly


Collateral: 2004 | R | 120 min | 7.217 rating
Cab driver Max picks up a man who offers him $600 to drive him around. But the promise of easy money sours when Max realizes his fare is an assassin.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Jamie Foxx, Jada Pinkett Smith, Mark Ruffalo, Peter Berg


Den of Thieves: 2018 | R | 140 min | 6.778 rating
A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Dawn Olivieri, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Pablo Schreiber, 50 Cent


Know Fear: 2022 |  | 77 min | 6.3 rating
After discovering an ancient book of the occult, a family activates a dangerous ritual forcing each of them to communicate with and fight a demonic force in their own unique way: to see it, hear it or speak to it.
Cast: Amy Carlson, David Alan Basche, Mallory Bechtel, Jack DiFalco, Meeya Davis


Anon: 2018 | R | 100 min | 5.938 rating
Set in a near-future world where there is no privacy, ignorance or anonymity, our private memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In trying to solve a series of unsolved murders, Sal Frieland stumbles onto a young woman who appears to have subverted the system and disappeared. She has no identity, no history and no record. Sal realizes it may not be the end of crime but the beginning. Known only as 'The Girl', Sal must find her before he becomes the next victim.
Cast: Clive Owen, Amanda Seyfried, Colm Feore, Mark O'Brien, Sonya Walger


Legend: 2015 | R | 132 min | 7.032 rating
Suave, charming and volatile, Reggie Kray and his unstable twin brother Ronnie start to leave their mark on the London underworld in the 1960s. Using violence to get what they want, the siblings orchestrate robberies and murders while running nightclubs and protection rackets. With police Detective Leonard "Nipper" Read hot on their heels, the brothers continue their rapid rise to power and achieve tabloid notoriety.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Emily Browning, Christopher Eccleston, David Thewlis, Taron Egerton


The Unforgivable: 2021 | R | 112 min | 7.5 rating
A woman is released from prison after serving a sentence for a violent crime and re-enters a society that refuses to forgive her past.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, Vincent D'Onofrio, Jon Bernthal, Richard Thomas


War Dogs: 2016 | R | 114 min | 6.908 rating
Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan.
Cast: Miles Teller, Jonah Hill, Ana de Armas, Bradley Cooper, Kevin Pollak


Finding Dory: 2016 | PG | 97 min | 7.042 rating
Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale?
Cast: Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Ed O'Neill, Hayden Rolence, Diane Keaton


The Retirement Plan: 2023 | R | 103 min | 6.549 rating
When Ashley and her young daughter Sarah get caught up in a criminal enterprise that puts their lives at risk, she turns to the only person who can help: her estranged father Matt, currently living the life of a retired beach bum in the Cayman Islands. Their reunion is fleeting as they are soon tracked down on the island by crime boss Donnie and his lieutenant Bobo. As Ashley, Sarah, and Matt become entangled in an increasingly dangerous web, Ashley quickly learns her father had a secret past that she knew nothing about and that there is more to her father than meets the eye.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Ashley Greene, Thalia Campbell, Ron Perlman, Jackie Earle Haley


Melissa P.: 2005 | NR | 100 min | 4.596 rating
An adolescent girl, living with her mother and her grandmother, will have her first sexual experiences in a heavy and excessive way.
Cast: María Valverde, Letizia Ciampa, Primo Reggiani, Fabrizia Sacchi, Geraldine Chaplin


Open Season: 2006 | PG | 86 min | 6.1 rating
Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods 3 days before Open Season. Forced to rely on Elliot, a fast-talking mule deer, the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag-tag army against the hunters.
Cast: Martin Lawrence, Ashton Kutcher, Gary Sinise, Debra Messing, Billy Connolly


Day Shift: 2022 | R | 113 min | 6.8 rating
An LA vampire hunter has a week to come up with the cash to pay for his kid's tuition and braces. Trying to make a living these days just might kill him.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Dave Franco, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Meagan Good, Zion Broadnax


Ocean's Eleven: 2001 | PG-13 | 116 min | 7.433 rating
Less than 24 hours into his parole, charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night, Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash, Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife, Tess.
Cast: George Clooney, Matt Damon, Andy García, Brad Pitt, Julia Roberts


Ken Park: 2002 | NR | 97 min | 5.941 rating
Ken Park focuses on several teenagers and their tormented home lives. Shawn seems to be the most conventional. Tate is brimming with psychotic rage; Claude is habitually harassed by his brutish father and coddled, rather uncomfortably, by his enormously pregnant mother. Peaches looks after her devoutly religious father, but yearns for freedom. They're all rather tight, or so they claim.
Cast: James Ransone, Tiffany Limos, Stephen Jasso, James Bullard, Mike Apaletegui


Annabelle: 2014 | R | 99 min | 5.763 rating
A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists.
Cast: Annabelle Wallis, Ward Horton, Tony Amendola, Alfre Woodard, Eric Ladin


North Country: 2005 | R | 126 min | 7.228 rating
A fictionalized account of the first major successful sexual harassment case in the United States -- Jenson vs. Eveleth Mines, where a woman who endured a range of abuse while working as a miner filed and won the landmark 1984 lawsuit.
Cast: Charlize Theron, Elle Peterson, Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, Sean Bean


Baby Face: 1933 |  | 76 min | 7.3 rating
A young woman uses her body and her sexuality to help her climb the social ladder, but soon begins to wonder if her new status will ever bring her happiness.
Cast: Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Donald Cook, Alphonse Ethier, Henry Kolker


Four Christmases: 2008 | PG-13 | 88 min | 5.792 rating
Brad and Kate have made something of an art form out of avoiding their families during the holidays, but this year their foolproof plan is about go bust -- big time. Stuck at the city airport after all departing flights are canceled, the couple is embarrassed to see their ruse exposed to the world by an overzealous television reporter. Now, Brad and Kate are left with precious little choice other than to swallow their pride and suffer the rounds.
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Reese Witherspoon, Robert Duvall, Sissy Spacek, Mary Steenburgen


Brightburn: 2019 | R | 91 min | 6.116 rating
What if a child from another world crash-landed on Earth, but instead of becoming a hero to mankind, he proved to be something far more sinister?
Cast: Jackson A. Dunn, Elizabeth Banks, David Denman, Matt Jones, Meredith Hagner


The Bezonians: 2022 |  | 98 min | 5.8 rating
In the Bezonians social club in North London, A group of down and outs scheme, plot and dream of becoming rich and breaking out of the monotony of their dreary and financially impotent lives.
Cast: Marina Sirtis, Vinnie Jones, Christopher Sciueref, Jenny Miller, Kem Croft


Mystic River: 2003 | R | 138 min | 7.749 rating
The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them suffers a family tragedy.
Cast: Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden


Flipped: 2010 | PG | 89 min | 7.988 rating
When Juli meets Bryce in the second grade, she knows it's true love. After spending six years trying to convince Bryce the same, she's ready to give up - until he starts to reconsider.
Cast: Madeline Carroll, Callan McAuliffe, Rebecca De Mornay, Anthony Edwards, John Mahoney


JUNG_E: 2023 |  | 98 min | 6.2 rating
On an uninhabitable 22nd-century Earth, the outcome of a civil war hinges on cloning the brain of an elite soldier to create a robot mercenary.
Cast: Kang Soo-youn, Kim Hyun-joo, Ryu Kyung-soo, Uhm Ji-won, Lee Dong-hee


Journey 2: The Mysterious Island: 2012 | PG | 94 min | 6.148 rating
Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Josh Hutcherson, Michael Caine, Vanessa Hudgens, Luis Guzmán


Lady and the Tramp: 2019 | PG | 111 min | 7.221 rating
The love story between a pampered Cocker Spaniel named Lady and a streetwise mongrel named Tramp. Lady finds herself out on the street after her owners have a baby and is saved from a pack by Tramp, who tries to show her to live her life footloose and collar-free.
Cast: Tessa Thompson, Justin Theroux, Kiersey Clemons, Thomas Mann, Ashley Jensen


Sleepy Hollow: 1999 | R | 105 min | 7.168 rating
New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. Locals believe the culprit to be none other than the legendary Headless Horseman.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, Miranda Richardson, Michael Gambon, Casper Van Dien


EuroTrip: 2004 | R | 93 min | 6.6 rating
When Scott learns that his longtime cyber-buddy from Berlin is a gorgeous young woman, he and his friends embark on a trip across Europe.
Cast: Scott Mechlowicz, Jacob Pitts, Travis Wester, Michelle Trachtenberg, Jessica Boehrs


Undisputed: 2002 | R | 96 min | 6.507 rating
Monroe Hutchens is the heavyweight champion of Sweetwater, a maximum security prison. He was convicted to a life sentence due to a passionate crime. Iceman Chambers is the heavyweight champion, who lost his title due to a rape conviction to ten years in Sweetwater. WHen these two giants collide in the same prison, they fight against each other disputing who is the real champion.
Cast: Wesley Snipes, Ving Rhames, Peter Falk, Michael Rooker, Jon Seda


42: 2013 | PG-13 | 128 min | 7.169 rating
In 1946, Branch Rickey (Harrison Ford), owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers, took a stand against Major League Baseball's infamous colour line when he signed Jackie Robinson (Chadwick Boseman) to the team. The deal put both men in the crosshairs of the public, the press and even other players. Facing unabashed racism from every side, Robinson was forced to demonstrate tremendous courage and let his talent on the field wins over fans and his teammates – silencing his critics and forever changing the world by changing the game of baseball.
Cast: Chadwick Boseman, Harrison Ford, Nicole Beharie, Christopher Meloni, Ryan Merriman


Ghostbusters: 1984 | PG | 107 min | 7.5 rating
After losing their academic posts at a prestigious university, a team of parapsychologists goes into business as proton-pack-toting "ghostbusters" who exterminate ghouls, hobgoblins and supernatural pests of all stripes. An ad campaign pays off when a knockout cellist hires the squad to purge her swanky digs of demons that appear to be living in her refrigerator.
Cast: Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Sigourney Weaver, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis


Child's Play 2: 1990 | R | 84 min | 6.254 rating
When Andy’s mother is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, the young boy is placed in foster care, andChucky, determined to claim Andy's soul, is not far behind.
Cast: Alex Vincent, Brad Dourif, Christine Elise, Jenny Agutter, Gerrit Graham


Dirty Grandpa: 2016 | R | 102 min | 5.923 rating
Jason Kelly is one week away from marrying his boss's uber-controlling daughter, putting him on the fast track for a partnership at the law firm. However, when the straight-laced Jason is tricked into driving his foul-mouthed grandfather, Dick, to Daytona for spring break, his pending nuptials are suddenly in jeopardy. Between riotous frat parties, bar fights, and an epic night of karaoke, Dick is on a quest to live his life to the fullest and bring Jason along for the ride.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Zac Efron, Aubrey Plaza, Zoey Deutch, Julianne Hough


V for Vendetta: 2006 | R | 132 min | 7.896 rating
In a world in which Great Britain has become a fascist state, a masked vigilante known only as “V” conducts guerrilla warfare against the oppressive British government. When V rescues a young woman from the secret police, he finds in her an ally with whom he can continue his fight to free the people of Britain.
Cast: Natalie Portman, Hugo Weaving, Stephen Rea, Stephen Fry, John Hurt


Ex Machina: 2015 | R | 108 min | 7.574 rating
Caleb, a coder at the world's largest internet company, wins a competition to spend a week at a private mountain retreat belonging to Nathan, the reclusive CEO of the company. But when Caleb arrives at the remote location he finds that he will have to participate in a strange and fascinating experiment in which he must interact with the world's first true artificial intelligence, housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl.
Cast: Domhnall Gleeson, Alicia Vikander, Oscar Isaac, Sonoya Mizuno, Corey Johnson


Give Me Your Eyes: 2022 |  | Runtime NA | 5.9 rating
An agoraphobic young woman must remotely aid a mysterious girl being pursued by a pair of unstoppable killers.
Cast: Elyfer Torres, Hunter King, Mauricio Ochmann


Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle: 2004 | R | 88 min | 6.525 rating
Nerdy accountant Harold and his irrepressible friend, Kumar, get stoned watching television and find themselves utterly bewitched by a commercial for White Castle. Convinced there must be one nearby, the two set out on a late-night odyssey that takes them deep into New Jersey. Somehow, the boys manage to run afoul of rednecks, cops and even a car-stealing Neil Patrick Harris before getting anywhere near their beloved sliders.
Cast: John Cho, Kal Penn, Paula Garcés, Neil Patrick Harris, David Krumholtz


Léon: The Professional: 1994 | R | 111 min | 8.314 rating
Léon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Léon's footsteps.
Cast: Jean Reno, Natalie Portman, Gary Oldman, Danny Aiello, Peter Appel


Blonde: 2022 | NC-17 | 167 min | 6.1 rating
From her volatile childhood as Norma Jeane, through her rise to stardom and romantic entanglements, this reimagined fictional portrait of Hollywood legend Marilyn Monroe blurs the lines of fact and fiction to explore the widening split between her public and private selves.
Cast: Ana de Armas, Adrien Brody, Bobby Cannavale, Sara Paxton, Lucy DeVito


School of Rock: 2003 | PG-13 | 110 min | 7.073 rating
Fired from his band and hard up for cash, guitarist and vocalist Dewey Finn finagles his way into a job as a fifth-grade substitute teacher at a private school, where he secretly begins teaching his students the finer points of rock 'n' roll. The school's hard-nosed principal is rightly suspicious of Finn's activities. But Finn's roommate remains in the dark about what he's doing.
Cast: Jack Black, Joan Cusack, Mike White, Sarah Silverman, Miranda Cosgrove


Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie: 2012 | PG-13 | 109 min | 7.6 rating
Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchūriki, manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions.
Cast: Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Emi Shinohara, Kazuhiko Inoue


Identity Thief: 2013 | R | 111 min | 5.858 rating
When a mild-mannered businessman learns his identity has been stolen, he hits the road in an attempt to foil the thief -- a trip that puts him in the path of a deceptively harmless-looking woman.
Cast: Jason Bateman, Melissa McCarthy, Jon Favreau, Amanda Peet, T.I.


Last Night in Soho: 2021 | R | 116 min | 7.36 rating
A young girl, passionate about fashion design, is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters her idol, a dazzling wannabe singer. But 1960s London is not what it seems, and time seems to be falling apart with shady consequences.
Cast: Thomasin McKenzie, Anya Taylor-Joy, Matt Smith, Rita Tushingham, Michael Ajao


Let's Be Cops: 2014 | R | 104 min | 6.5 rating
It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted “heroes” get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line.
Cast: Jake Johnson, Damon Wayans Jr., Nina Dobrev, Rob Riggle, James D'Arcy


The Changeling: 1980 | R | 103 min | 7.027 rating
After a tragic event happens, composer John Russell moves to Seattle to try to overcome it and build a new and peaceful life in a lonely big house that has been uninhabited for many years. But, soon after, the obscure history of such an old mansion and his own past begin to haunt him.
Cast: George C. Scott, Trish Van Devere, Melvyn Douglas, John Colicos, Barry Morse


The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause: 2006 | G | 97 min | 5.5 rating
Now that Santa and Mrs. Claus have the North Pole running smoothly, the Counsel of Legendary Figures has called an emergency meeting on Christmas Eve! The evil Jack Frost has been making trouble, looking to take over the holiday! So he launches a plan to sabotage the toy factory and compel Scott to invoke the little-known Escape Clause and wish he'd never become Santa.
Cast: Tim Allen, Elizabeth Mitchell, Eric Lloyd, Judge Reinhold, Wendy Crewson


The Assistant: 2020 |  | 88 min | 6.305 rating
A searing look at a day in the life of an assistant to a powerful executive. As Jane follows her daily routine, she grows increasingly aware of the insidious abuse that threatens every aspect of her position.
Cast: Julia Garner, Matthew Macfadyen, Makenzie Leigh, Kristine Froseth, Jonny Orsini


Army of Thieves: 2021 | R | 127 min | 6.859 rating
A mysterious woman recruits bank teller Ludwig Dieter to lead a group of aspiring thieves on a top-secret heist during the early stages of the zombie apocalypse.
Cast: Matthias Schweighöfer, Nathalie Emmanuel, Ruby O. Fee, Stuart Martin, Guz Khan


The Color Purple: 2023 | PG-13 | 141 min | 10 rating
A decades-spanning tale of love and resilience and of one woman's journey to independence. Celie faces many hardships in her life, but ultimately finds extraordinary strength and hope in the unbreakable bonds of sisterhood.
Cast: Fantasia Barrino, Taraji P. Henson, Danielle Brooks, Colman Domingo, Corey Hawkins


Cliffhanger: 1993 | R | 112 min | 6.5 rating
A year after losing his friend in a tragic 4,000-foot fall, former ranger Gabe Walker and his partner, Hal, are called to return to the same peak to rescue a group of stranded climbers, only to learn the climbers are actually thieving hijackers who are looking for boxes full of money.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow, Michael Rooker, Janine Turner, Rex Linn


The Magician's Elephant: 2023 | PG | 99 min | 7 rating
Peter is searching for his long-lost sister when he crosses paths with a fortune teller in the market square. His only question is: is his sister still alive? The answer, that he must find a mysterious elephant and the magician who will conjure it, sets Peter off on a journey to complete three seemingly impossible tasks that will change the face of his town forever.
Cast: Noah Jupe, Mandy Patinkin, Brian Tyree Henry, Natasia Demetriou, Sian Clifford


Medieval: 2022 | R | 126 min | 7.086 rating
The story of 14th century Czech icon and warlord Jan Zizka who defeated armies of the Teutonic Order and the Holy Roman Empire.
Cast: Ben Foster, Sophie Lowe, Michael Caine, Til Schweiger, Matthew Goode


Descendants 2: 2017 | G | 111 min | 7.372 rating
When the pressure to be royal becomes too much for Mal, she returns to the Isle of the Lost where her archenemy Uma, Ursula's daughter, has taken her spot as self-proclaimed queen.
Cast: Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, Mitchell Hope


Saw II: 2005 | R | 93 min | 6.581 rating
The chilling and relentless Jigsaw killer returns to terrorize the city once again. When a gruesome murder victim emerges with unmistakable traces of Jigsaw's sinister methods, Detective Eric Matthews is thrust into a high-stakes investigation. To his surprise, apprehending Jigsaw seems almost too easy, but what he doesn't realize is that being caught is merely another piece of Jigsaw's intricate puzzle
Cast: Tobin Bell, Donnie Wahlberg, Shawnee Smith, Erik Knudsen, Franky G


The Burial: 2023 | R | 126 min | 7.254 rating
When a handshake deal goes sour, funeral home owner Jeremiah O'Keefe enlists charismatic, smooth-talking attorney Willie E. Gary to save his family business. Tempers flare and laughter ensues as the unlikely pair bond while exposing corporate corruption and racial injustice.
Cast: Tommy Lee Jones, Jamie Foxx, Jurnee Smollett, Alan Ruck, Mamoudou Athie


Halloween: 2007 | R | 110 min | 6.203 rating
After being committed for 15 years, Michael Myers, now a grown man and still very dangerous, escapes from the mental institution (where he was committed as a 10 year old) and he immediately returns to Haddonfield, where he wants to find his baby sister, Laurie. Anyone who crosses his path is in mortal danger.
Cast: Scout Taylor-Compton, Tyler Mane, Malcolm McDowell, Daeg Faerch, Sheri Moon Zombie


The Harder They Fall: 2021 | R | 139 min | 6.673 rating
Gunning for revenge, outlaw Nat Love saddles up with his gang to take down enemy Rufus Buck, a ruthless crime boss who just got sprung from prison.
Cast: Jonathan Majors, Idris Elba, Regina King, Zazie Beetz, Delroy Lindo


Me Vuelves Loca: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 8.421 rating
Carolina has a perfect life: she lives in a luxurious house, works in a fashion magazine and is married to a successful publicist. One day everything goes to waste: she discovers that she is sterile, the same day that her husband leaves her for her best friend, who, in addition, is pregnant with him. After the impact of this news, Carolina has a crisis, drinks too much, trips and falls from the second floor of her house, a fact that is interpreted as a suicide attempt.Carolina is interned against her will, in the exclusive psychiatric center Eden. In that place she will meet a group of "madmen" who will help her heal and glimpse that her previous life was not so perfect. He also discovers that perhaps the craziest are those outside the psychiatric hospital.
Cast: Aislinn Derbez, Minnie West, Alejandro de la Madrid, Elizabeth Guindi, Tamara Acosta


Sayen: Desert Road: 2023 |  | 94 min | 6.135 rating
Sayen follows a lead to the picturesque desolation of the Atacama Desert. There, she reluctantly teams up with a young Atacameño girl, Quimal, looking to clear her father’s name and save her town from becoming an arid wasteland due to Acteon’s exploitative water usage.
Cast: Rallén Montenegro, Enrique Arce, Jorge López, Katalina Sanchez, Claudio Riveros


Bound by Honor: 1993 | R | 190 min | 8.113 rating
Based on the true life experiences of poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, the film focuses on half-brothers Paco and Cruz, and their bi-racial cousin Miklo. It opens in 1972, as the three are members of an East L.A. gang known as the "Vatos Locos", and the story focuses on how a violent crime and the influence of narcotics alter their lives. Miklo is incarcerated and sent to San Quentin, where he makes a "home" for himself. Cruz becomes an exceptional artist, but a heroin addiction overcomes him with tragic results. Paco becomes a cop and an enemy to his "carnal", Miklo.
Cast: Damian Chapa, Jesse Borrego, Benjamin Bratt, Enrique Castillo, Victor Rivers


Werewolf Castle: 2022 | NR | 92 min | 5.5 rating
When a pack of werewolves attack a medieval village, Thorfinn, whose lover perished in the attack, joins knights Thomas, Osmund, Hamelin, and Hal Skullsplitter as they lead the fight back against the vicious lycanthropes.
Cast: Peter Lofsgard, Greg Draven, Derek Nelson, Tim Cartwright, Jay O'Connell


Porno: 1980 | NR | 83 min | 4.6 rating
Three tales of the erotic: Two young ladies experiment with lesbianism, a handsome and wealthy socialite makes a beautiful woman patiently wait to make love to him, and a gorgeous, but controlling and dominating blind woman makes a hunky stud her sexual hostage in her swanky mansion home.
Cast: David Cardoso, Patrícia Scalvi, Matilde Mastrangi, Zélia Diniz, Arthur Roveder


One Day: 2011 | PG-13 | 107 min | 7.4 rating
A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, who first meet during their graduation in 1988 and proceed to keep in touch regularly. The film follows what they do on July 15 annually, usually doing something together.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Jim Sturgess, Tom Mison, Jodie Whittaker, Rafe Spall


Unwelcome: 2023 | R | 104 min | 5.96 rating
Londoners Maya and Jamie escape their urban nightmare to the tranquility of rural Ireland only to discover malevolent, murderous goblins lurking in the gnarled, ancient wood at the foot of their new garden. When heavily pregnant Maya’s relationship with a local family turns sour, who – or what – will come to her rescue and to what extremes will she go to protect her unborn child?
Cast: Hannah John-Kamen, Douglas Booth, Jamie Lee O'Donnell, Chris Walley, Kristian Nairn


No Exit: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.933 rating
Stranded at a rest stop in the mountains during a blizzard, a recovering addict discovers a kidnapped child hidden in a car belonging to one of the people inside the building which sets her on a terrifying struggle to identify who among them is the kidnapper.
Cast: Havana Rose Liu, Danny Ramirez, Dennis Haysbert, David Rysdahl, Dale Dickey


Women on the Edge: 2023 | NR | 95 min | 6 rating
After meeting in an anger management group, two women embark on a journey of empowerment and friendship when they set out to expose a surgeon with a suspicious reputation.
Cast: Carla Peterson, Julieta Díaz, Esteban Lamothe, Martín Garabal, Salvador del Solar


10 Things I Hate About You: 1999 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.584 rating
On the first day at his new school, Cameron instantly falls for Bianca, the gorgeous girl of his dreams. The only problem is that Bianca is forbidden to date until her ill-tempered, completely un-dateable older sister Kat goes out, too. In an attempt to solve his problem, Cameron singles out the only guy who could possibly be a match for Kat: a mysterious bad boy with a nasty reputation of his own.
Cast: Heath Ledger, Julia Stiles, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Larisa Oleynik, David Krumholtz


The Favourite: 2018 | R | 119 min | 7.534 rating
England, early 18th century. The close relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill is threatened by the arrival of Sarah's cousin, Abigail Hill, resulting in a bitter rivalry between the two cousins to be the Queen's favourite.
Cast: Emma Stone, Olivia Colman, Rachel Weisz, Nicholas Hoult, Joe Alwyn


Dunkirk: 2017 | PG-13 | 107 min | 7.456 rating
The story of the miraculous evacuation of Allied soldiers from Belgium, Britain, Canada and France, who were cut off and surrounded by the German army from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk between May 26th and June 4th 1940 during World War II.
Cast: Fionn Whitehead, Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy


American Pie Presents: Girls' Rules: 2020 | R | 95 min | 6.2 rating
It's Senior year at East Great Falls. Annie, Kayla, Michelle, and Stephanie decide to harness their girl power and band together to get what they want their last year of high school.
Cast: Madison Pettis, Lizze Broadway, Piper Curda, Natasha Behnam, Darren Barnet


King Richard: 2021 | PG-13 | 145 min | 7.703 rating
The story of how Richard Williams served as a coach to his daughters Venus and Serena, who will soon become two of the most legendary tennis players in history.
Cast: Will Smith, Aunjanue Ellis-Taylor, Saniyya Sidney, Demi Singleton, Jon Bernthal


The Mill: 2023 | R | 106 min | 6.3 rating
A businessman wakes up beside an ancient grist mill situated in the center of an open-air prison cell with no idea how he got there. Forced to work as a beast of burden to stay alive, he must find a way to escape before the birth of his child.
Cast: Lil Rel Howery, Pat Healy, Karen Obilom, Patrick Fischler, Getchie Argetsinger


Batman Returns: 1992 | PG-13 | 126 min | 6.918 rating
While Batman deals with a deformed man calling himself the Penguin, an employee of a corrupt businessman transforms into the Catwoman.
Cast: Michael Keaton, Danny DeVito, Michelle Pfeiffer, Christopher Walken, Michael Gough


Pain & Gain: 2013 | R | 130 min | 6.252 rating
Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Dwayne Johnson, Anthony Mackie, Tony Shalhoub, Ed Harris


Along with the Gods: The Last 49 Days: 2018 | NR | 141 min | 8.153 rating
As the deceased soul Ja-hong and his three afterlife guardians prepare for their remaining trials for reincarnation, the guardians soon come face to face with the truth of their tragic time on Earth 1,000 years earlier.
Cast: Ha Jung-woo, Ju Ji-hoon, Kim Hyang-gi, Ma Dong-seok, Kim Dong-wook


Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer: 2007 | PG | 92 min | 5.599 rating
The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as a new and all powerful enemy threatens the Earth. The seemingly unstoppable 'Silver Surfer', but all is not what it seems and there are old and new enemies that pose a greater threat than the intrepid superheroes realize.
Cast: Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Chris Evans, Michael Chiklis, Julian McMahon


Shaun of the Dead: 2004 | R | 99 min | 7.541 rating
Shaun lives a supremely uneventful life, which revolves around his girlfriend, his mother, and, above all, his local pub. This gentle routine is threatened when the dead return to life and make strenuous attempts to snack on ordinary Londoners.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Kate Ashfield, Lucy Davis, Dylan Moran


Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast: 2014 | G | 77 min | 7.3 rating
An ancient myth of a massive creature sparks the curiosity of Tinker Bell and her good friend Fawn, an animal fairy who’s not afraid to break the rules to help an animal in need. But this creature is not welcome in Pixie Hollow — and the scout fairies are determined to capture the mysterious beast, who they fear will destroy their home. Fawn must convince her fairy friends to risk everything to rescue the NeverBeast.
Cast: Ginnifer Goodwin, Mae Whitman, Rosario Dawson, Lucy Liu, Raven-Symoné


La Navidad en sus manos: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 7.333 rating

Cast: Santiago Segura, Pablo Chiapella, Ernesto Sevilla, Unax Hayden, María Botto


Redcon-1: 2018 | NR | 117 min | 5.7 rating
After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison, the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but, without a cure, it’s only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all… any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders, intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure, a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city, now ruled by the undead, with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds.
Cast: Oris Erhuero, Carlos Gallardo, Mark Strange, Joshua Dickinson, Martyn Ford


Lolita: 1997 | R | 137 min | 7.14 rating
Urbane professor Humbert Humbert marries a New England widow to be near her nymphet daughter.
Cast: Jeremy Irons, Dominique Swain, Melanie Griffith, Frank Langella, Suzanne Shepherd


Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle: 2017 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.826 rating
Four teenagers in detention discover an old video game console with a game they’ve never heard of. When they decide to play, they are immediately sucked into the jungle world of Jumanji in the bodies of their avatars. They’ll have to complete the adventure of their lives filled with fun, thrills and danger or be stuck in the game forever!
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Jack Black, Karen Gillan, Rhys Darby


Red Sparrow: 2018 | R | 140 min | 6.537 rating
Prima ballerina Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School, a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Dominika emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities, she meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Joel Edgerton, Matthias Schoenaerts, Charlotte Rampling, Jeremy Irons


Megalodon: 2018 | PG-13 | 90 min | 5.6 rating
A military vessel on the search for an unidentified submersible finds themselves face to face with a giant shark, forced to use only what they have on board to defend themselves from the monstrous beast.
Cast: Michael Madsen, Scott C. Roe, Ego Mikitas, Paulina Nguyen, Dominic Pace


The Kitchen: 2019 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.158 rating
The mobster husbands of three 1978 Hell's Kitchen housewives are sent to prison by the FBI. Left with little but a sharp ax to grind, the ladies take the Irish mafia's matters into their own hands — proving unexpectedly adept at everything from running the rackets to taking out the competition… literally.
Cast: Melissa McCarthy, Tiffany Haddish, Elisabeth Moss, Domhnall Gleeson, Bill Camp


Princess Mononoke: 1997 | PG-13 | 134 min | 8.3 rating
Ashitaka, a prince of the disappearing Emishi people, is cursed by a demonized boar god and must journey to the west to find a cure. Along the way, he encounters San, a young human woman fighting to protect the forest, and Lady Eboshi, who is trying to destroy it. Ashitaka must find a way to bring balance to this conflict.
Cast: Youji Matsuda, Yuriko Ishida, Yuko Tanaka, Kaoru Kobayashi, Masahiko Nishimura


Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms: 2018 | NR | 115 min | 8.214 rating
Maquia is a member of a special race called the Iorph who can live for hundreds of years. However, Maquia has always felt lonely despite being surrounded by her people, as she was orphaned from a young age. She daydreams about the outside world, but dares not travel from her home due to the warnings of the clan's chief.  One day the kingdom of Mezarte invades her homeland. They already have what is left of the giant dragons, the Renato, under their control, and now their king wishes to add the immortality to his bloodline.  They ravage the Iorph homeland and kill most of its inhabitants. Caught in the midst of the attack, Maquia is carried off by one of the Renato. It soon dies, and she is left deserted in a forest, now truly alone save for the cries of a single baby off in the distance. Maquia finds the baby in a destroyed village and decides to raise him as her own, naming him Ariel. Although she knows nothing of the human world, how to raise a child that ages much faster than her.
Cast: Manaka Iwami, Miyu Irino, Yuuki Sakurai, Ai Kayano, Yuki Kaji


The Ugly Truth: 2009 | R | 96 min | 6.497 rating
A romantically challenged morning show producer is reluctantly embroiled in a series of outrageous tests by her chauvinistic correspondent to prove his theories on relationships and help her find love. His clever ploys, however, lead to an unexpected result.
Cast: Katherine Heigl, Gerard Butler, Eric Winter, Nick Searcy, Bree Turner


The Persian Version: 2023 |  | 107 min | 6.278 rating
When a large Iranian-American family gathers in New York City for the patriarch’s heart transplant, a family secret is uncovered and catapults the estranged mother and daughter into an exploration of the past.
Cast: Layla Mohammadi, Niousha Noor, Kamand Shafieisabet, Bella Warda, Bijan Daneshmand


Machete Kills: 2013 | R | 107 min | 5.604 rating
Ex-Federale agent Machete is recruited by the President of the United States for a mission which would be impossible for any mortal man – he must take down a madman revolutionary and an eccentric billionaire arms dealer who has hatched a plan to spread war and anarchy across the planet.
Cast: Danny Trejo, Mel Gibson, Demián Bichir, Amber Heard, Michelle Rodriguez


Mummies: 2023 | PG | 88 min | 7.107 rating
Through a series of unfortunate events, three mummies end up in present-day London and embark on a wacky and hilarious journey in search of an old ring belonging to the Royal Family, stolen by ambitious archaeologist Lord Carnaby.
Cast: Óscar Barberán, Ana Esther Alborg, Luis Pérez Reina, María Luisa Solá, Jaume Solà


Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind: 2004 | R | 108 min | 8.102 rating
Joel Barish, heartbroken that his girlfriend underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory, decides to do the same. However, as he watches his memories of her fade away, he realises that he still loves her, and may be too late to correct his mistake.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Kirsten Dunst, Mark Ruffalo, Elijah Wood


The 40 Year Old Virgin: 2005 | R | 116 min | 6.38 rating
Andy Stitzer has a pleasant life with a nice apartment and a job stamping invoices at an electronics store. But at age 40, there's one thing Andy hasn't done, and it's really bothering his sex-obsessed male co-workers: Andy is still a virgin. Determined to help Andy get laid, the guys make it their mission to de-virginize him. But it all seems hopeless until Andy meets small business owner Trish, a single mom.
Cast: Steve Carell, Catherine Keener, Paul Rudd, Romany Malco, Seth Rogen


Nerve: 2016 | PG-13 | 96 min | 7.041 rating
Industrious high school senior Vee Delmonico has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Dave Franco, Emily Meade, Miles Heizer, Juliette Lewis


As Good as It Gets: 1997 | PG-13 | 139 min | 7.395 rating
Melvin Udall, a cranky, bigoted, obsessive-compulsive writer of romantic fiction, is rude to everyone he meets, including his gay neighbor, Simon. After Simon is hospitalized, Melvin finds his life turned upside down when he has to look after Simon's dog. In addition, Carol, the only waitress at the local diner who will tolerate him, must leave work to care for her sick son, making it impossible for Melvin to eat breakfast.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Helen Hunt, Greg Kinnear, Cuba Gooding Jr., Shirley Knight


In the Tall Grass: 2019 |  | 102 min | 5.53 rating
After hearing a child screaming for help from the green depths of a vast field of tall grass, Becky, a pregnant woman, and Cal, her brother, park their car near a mysterious abandoned church and enter the field, discovering that they are not alone and, for some reason, they are unable to escape a completely inextricable vegetable labyrinth.
Cast: Laysla De Oliveira, Harrison Gilbertson, Avery Whitted, Will Buie Jr., Patrick Wilson


Left Behind: World at War: 2005 | PG-13 | 95 min | 4.041 rating
A year and a half ago the world was hit with the biggest catastrophe it had ever seen. Without warning and without explanation, hundreds of millions of people simply vanished off the face of the earth. The world was in chaos like it had never been before. Yet somehow one man seemed to rise to the challenge. One man had the strength and conviction to unite a shattered world. One man gave the world hope. That man was NICOLAE CARPATHIA. He now rules the entire world.
Cast: Louis Gossett Jr., Kirk Cameron, Brad Johnson, Jessica Steen, Martin Randez


Dr. Dolittle 2: 2001 | PG | 87 min | 5.287 rating
A group of beavers ask Dr. Dolittle to save their habitat from loggers. The only hope is to get the forest preserved because it's the home of a protected bear, but there's a problem: the bear's the only bear in the forest, so she can't reproduce. Undaunted, Dolittle persuades a circus bear to help out, but he has to teach him not just the ways of the wild, but the wiles of lady bears too.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Kristen Wilson, Kyla Pratt, Raven-Symoné, Steve Zahn


The Outfit: 2022 | R | 106 min | 7.13 rating
Leonard is an English tailor who used to craft suits on London’s world-famous Savile Row. After a personal tragedy, he’s ended up in Chicago, operating a small tailor shop in a rough part of town where he makes beautiful clothes for the only people around who can afford them: a family of vicious gangsters.
Cast: Mark Rylance, Zoey Deutch, Johnny Flynn, Dylan O'Brien, Simon Russell Beale


A Few Good Men: 1992 | R | 138 min | 7.527 rating
When cocky military lawyer Lt. Daniel Kaffee and his co-counsel, Lt. Cmdr. JoAnne Galloway, are assigned to a murder case, they uncover a hazing ritual that could implicate high-ranking officials such as shady Col. Nathan Jessep.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Demi Moore, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland


RED: 2010 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.7 rating
After surviving an assault from a squad of hit men, retired CIA black ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team for an all-out war. Frank reunites with old Joe, crazy Marvin and wily Victoria to uncover a massive conspiracy that threatens their lives. Only their expert training will allow them to survive a near-impossible mission -- breaking into CIA headquarters.
Cast: Bruce Willis, John Malkovich, Morgan Freeman, Helen Mirren, Mary-Louise Parker


The War with Grandpa: 2020 | PG | 98 min | 6.413 rating
Peter is thrilled that his Grandpa is coming to live with his family. That is, until Grandpa moves into Peter's room, forcing him upstairs into the creepy attic. And though he loves his Grandpa, he wants his room back - so he has no choice but to declare war.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Uma Thurman, Rob Riggle, Oakes Fegley, Laura Marano


The Hating Game: 2021 | R | 102 min | 7.418 rating
Resolving to achieve professional success without compromising her ethics, Lucy embarks on a ruthless game of one-upmanship against cold and efficient nemesis Joshua, a rivalry that is complicated by her growing attraction to him.
Cast: Lucy Hale, Austin Stowell, Yasha Jackson, Sakina Jaffrey, Corbin Bernsen


Lifeforce: 1985 | R | 102 min | 6.259 rating
A space shuttle mission investigating Halley's Comet brings back a malevolent race of space vampires who transform most of London's population into zombies. The only survivor of the expedition and British authorities attempt to capture a mysterious but beautiful alien woman who appears responsible.
Cast: Steve Railsback, Peter Firth, Frank Finlay, Mathilda May, Patrick Stewart


Beetlejuice: 1988 | PG | 92 min | 7.379 rating
After an untimely death, a newly dead New England couple seek help from a deranged demon exorcist to scare an affluent New York family out of their home.
Cast: Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis, Jeffrey Jones, Catherine O'Hara, Winona Ryder


What Happens Later: 2023 | R | 104 min | 5.625 rating
Two ex-lovers get snowed in at a regional airport overnight. Indefinitely delayed, Willa, a magical thinker, and Bill, a catastrophic one, find themselves just as attracted to and annoyed by one another as they did decades earlier. But as they unpack the riddle of their mutual past and compare their lives to the dreams they once shared, they begin to wonder if their reunion is mere coincidence, or something more enchanted.
Cast: Meg Ryan, David Duchovny, Hal Liggett, Renee Whiteley


MouseHunt: 1997 | PG | 98 min | 6.52 rating
Down-on-their luck brothers, Lars and Ernie Smuntz, aren't happy with the crumbling old mansion they inherit... until they discover the estate is worth millions. Before they can cash in, they have to rid the house of its single, stubborn occupant—a tiny and tenacious mouse.
Cast: Nathan Lane, Lee Evans, Vicki Lewis, Maury Chaykin, Eric Christmas


A Really Haunted Loud House: 2023 |  | 72 min | 5.8 rating
Lincoln and his best friend, Clyde, struggle to decide whether to participate in the Loud family Spooktacular, attend their friend, Xander's, party, or go trick-or-treating on Halloween.
Cast: Wolfgang Schaeffer, Jahzir Bruno, Brian Stepanek, Jolie Jenkins, Lexi DiBenedetto


The Huntsman: Winter's War: 2016 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.3 rating
As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land, two renegades—Eric the Huntsman, who aided Snow White in defeating Ravenna in Snowwhite and the Huntsman, and his forbidden lover, Sara—set out to stop them.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Charlize Theron, Emily Blunt, Jessica Chastain, Nick Frost


Last Seen Alive: 2022 | R | 95 min | 6.515 rating
After Will Spann's wife suddenly vanishes at a gas station, his desperate search to find her leads him down a dark path that forces him to run from authorities and take the law into his own hands.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Jaimie Alexander, Russell Hornsby, Ethan Embry, Michael Irby


Boyz n the Hood: 1991 | R | 112 min | 7.613 rating
Boyz n the Hood is the popular and successful film and social criticism from John Singleton about the conditions in South Central Los Angeles where teenagers are involved in gun fights and drug dealing on a daily basis.
Cast: Cuba Gooding Jr., Laurence Fishburne, Ice Cube, Morris Chestnut, Angela Bassett


Angels & Demons: 2009 | PG-13 | 138 min | 6.704 rating
Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Ewan McGregor, Ayelet Zurer, Stellan Skarsgård, Pierfrancesco Favino


Pitch Perfect: 2012 | PG-13 | 112 min | 7.3 rating
College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Brittany Snow, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Skylar Astin


Superman: Doomsday: 2007 | PG-13 | 75 min | 6.733 rating
When LexCorp accidentally unleashes a murderous creature, Superman meets his greatest challenge as a champion. Based on the "The Death of Superman" storyline that appeared in DC Comics' publications in the 1990s.
Cast: Adam Baldwin, Anne Heche, James Marsters, John DiMaggio, Swoosie Kurtz


Hostiles: 2017 | R | 134 min | 6.9 rating
A legendary Native American-hating Army captain nearing retirement in 1892 is given one last assignment: to escort a Cheyenne chief and his family through dangerous territory back to his Montana reservation.
Cast: Christian Bale, Rosamund Pike, Wes Studi, Jesse Plemons, Adam Beach


True Romance: 1993 | R | 120 min | 7.541 rating
Clarence marries hooker Alabama, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood, while the owners of the coke try to reclaim it.
Cast: Christian Slater, Patricia Arquette, Michael Rapaport, Bronson Pinchot, Gary Oldman


Office Christmas Party: 2016 | R | 105 min | 5.663 rating
When Carol Vanstone, CEO of the technology company Zenotek, expresses her intention to close the Chicago branch, run by her brother Clay, he and his co-workers organize a Christmas party in an effort to impress a potential client and save their jobs. But the party gets out of control…
Cast: Jason Bateman, Olivia Munn, T.J. Miller, Jennifer Aniston, Kate McKinnon


Dreamcatcher: 2003 | R | 136 min | 5.578 rating
Four boyhood pals perform a heroic act and are changed by the powers they gain in return. Years later, on a hunting trip in the Maine woods, they're overtaken by a vicious blizzard that harbors an ominous presence. Challenged to stop an alien force, the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante ... and then overcome a threat to the bond that unites the four of them.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Thomas Jane, Jason Lee, Damian Lewis, Timothy Olyphant


Digimon Adventure: Last Evolution Kizuna: 2020 | G | 95 min | 8.128 rating
Tai is now a university student, living alone, working hard at school, and working every day, but with his future still undecided. Meanwhile, Matt and others continue to work on Digimon incidents and activities that help people with their partner Digimon. When an unprecedented phenomenon occurs, the DigiDestined discover that when they grow up, their relationship with their partner Digimon will come closer to an end.  As a countdown timer activates on the Digivice, they realize that the more they fight with their partner Digimon, the faster their bond breaks. Will they fight for others and lose their partner? The time to choose and decide is approaching fast. There is a short time before “chosen children” will become adults. This is the last adventure of Tai and Agumon.
Cast: Natsuki Hanae, Mao Ichimichi, Suzuko Mimori, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Junya Enoki


Kick-Ass 2: 2013 | R | 103 min | 6.395 rating
After Kick-Ass’ insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist — reborn as The Mother Fucker — only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation.
Cast: Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Chloë Grace Moretz, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Lyndsy Fonseca, Jim Carrey


Lolita: 1997 | R | 137 min | 7.14 rating
Urbane professor Humbert Humbert marries a New England widow to be near her nymphet daughter.
Cast: Jeremy Irons, Dominique Swain, Melanie Griffith, Frank Langella, Suzanne Shepherd


Jonah Hex: 2010 | PG-13 | 81 min | 4.905 rating
Gunslinger Jonah Hex is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull, a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child.
Cast: Josh Brolin, John Malkovich, Megan Fox, Michael Fassbender, Will Arnett


The Loft: 2014 | R | 108 min | 6.416 rating
For five men, the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true, until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group, the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested, loyalties are questioned, and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant.
Cast: Karl Urban, James Marsden, Wentworth Miller, Eric Stonestreet, Matthias Schoenaerts


Finding Dory: 2016 | PG | 97 min | 7.042 rating
Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale?
Cast: Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Ed O'Neill, Hayden Rolence, Diane Keaton


The Terminal: 2004 | PG-13 | 128 min | 7.332 rating
Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his plane took off just as a coup d'etat exploded in his homeland, leaving it in shambles, and now he's stranded at Kennedy Airport, where he's holding a passport that nobody recognizes. While quarantined in the transit lounge until authorities can figure out what to do with him, Viktor simply goes on living – and courts romance with a beautiful flight attendant.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Stanley Tucci, Chi McBride, Diego Luna


Moneyball: 2011 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.268 rating
The story of Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to put together a baseball team on a budget, by employing computer-generated analysis to draft his players.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Jonah Hill, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Robin Wright, Chris Pratt


Paul: 2011 | R | 104 min | 6.709 rating
For the past 60 years, a space-traveling smart-ass named Paul has been locked up in a top-secret military base, advising world leaders about his kind. But when he worries he’s outlived his usefulness and the dissection table is drawing uncomfortably close, Paul escapes on the first RV that passes by his compound in Area 51. Fortunately, it contains the two earthlings who are most likely to rescue and harbor an alien on the run.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Seth Rogen, Jason Bateman, Kristen Wiig


¡Salta!: 2023 | NR | 85 min | 6.1 rating
Oscar and Teo (13 and 11 years old) are two brothers, very different from each other, who will have to face the loss of their mother, a scientist obsessed with wormholes.
Cast: Tamar Novas, Marta Nieto, Mario Santos, Rubén Fulgencio, Irene Jiménez


King Kong Lives: 1986 | PG-13 | 105 min | 5.1 rating
After falling from the Twin Towers, Kong lies in a coma for ten years. When his heart begins to fail, scientists engineer an artificial heart, and a giant female ape is captured to serve as a source for a blood transfusion. When Kong awakens following his heart transplant, he senses the nearby presence of the female ape and the two escape to wreak havoc together.
Cast: Linda Hamilton, Brian Kerwin, John Ashton, Peter Michael Goetz, Peter Elliott


The Island: 2005 | PG-13 | 136 min | 6.665 rating
In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island — reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie.
Cast: Ewan McGregor, Scarlett Johansson, Djimon Hounsou, Sean Bean, Steve Buscemi


Shark Bait: 2022 |  | 87 min | 5.725 rating
A group of friends enjoying a weekend steal a couple of jetskis racing them out to sea, ending up in a horrific head-on collision. They struggle to find a way home with a badly injured friend while from the waters below predators lurk.
Cast: Holly Earl, Jack Trueman, Catherine Hannay, Malachi Pullar-Latchman, Thomas Michael Flynn


Woodlawn: 2015 | PG | 123 min | 7 rating
Love and unity in a school torn by racism and hate in the 1970s. A gifted high school football player must learn to embrace his talent and his faith as he battles racial tensions on and off the field.
Cast: C. Thomas Howell, Sean Astin, Jon Voight, Virginia Williams, Brando Eaton


Toying with the Holidays: 2021 |  | 84 min | 6.7 rating
Kevin, a model train enthusiast reconnects with a former classmate Danielle who is home for the holidays with her young son and try to get their town's old North Pole Express train line running.
Cast: Chad Michael Murray, Cindy Busby, Kate Trotter, Callum Shoniker, Paulino Nunes


Deep Fear: 2023 |  | 84 min | 5.25 rating
A solo trip aboard a yacht takes a terrifying turn when a woman encounters three drug traffickers clinging to the shattered remains of a boat. They soon force her to dive into shark-infested waters to retrieve kilos of cocaine from the sunken wreck.
Cast: Mãdãlina Ghenea, Ed Westwick, Macarena Gómez, Stany Coppet, Ibrahima Gueye


Know Fear: 2022 |  | 77 min | 6.3 rating
After discovering an ancient book of the occult, a family activates a dangerous ritual forcing each of them to communicate with and fight a demonic force in their own unique way: to see it, hear it or speak to it.
Cast: Amy Carlson, David Alan Basche, Mallory Bechtel, Jack DiFalco, Meeya Davis


Anon: 2018 | R | 100 min | 5.938 rating
Set in a near-future world where there is no privacy, ignorance or anonymity, our private memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In trying to solve a series of unsolved murders, Sal Frieland stumbles onto a young woman who appears to have subverted the system and disappeared. She has no identity, no history and no record. Sal realizes it may not be the end of crime but the beginning. Known only as 'The Girl', Sal must find her before he becomes the next victim.
Cast: Clive Owen, Amanda Seyfried, Colm Feore, Mark O'Brien, Sonya Walger


The Unforgivable: 2021 | R | 112 min | 7.5 rating
A woman is released from prison after serving a sentence for a violent crime and re-enters a society that refuses to forgive her past.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, Vincent D'Onofrio, Jon Bernthal, Richard Thomas


Melissa P.: 2005 | NR | 100 min | 4.596 rating
An adolescent girl, living with her mother and her grandmother, will have her first sexual experiences in a heavy and excessive way.
Cast: María Valverde, Letizia Ciampa, Primo Reggiani, Fabrizia Sacchi, Geraldine Chaplin


Magic Mike: 2012 | R | 110 min | 6.2 rating
Mike, an experienced stripper, takes a younger performer called The Kid under his wing and schools him in the arts of partying, picking up women, and making easy money.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Matthew McConaughey, Alex Pettyfer, Cody H. Carolin, Olivia Munn


Mama: 2013 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.255 rating
Guillermo del Toro presents Mama, a supernatural thriller that tells the haunting tale of two little girls who disappeared into the woods the day that their parents were killed. When they are rescued years later and begin a new life, they find that someone or something still wants to come tuck them in at night.
Cast: Jessica Chastain, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Megan Charpentier, Isabelle Nélisse, Daniel Kash


Anna: 2019 | R | 119 min | 6.682 rating
Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins.
Cast: Sasha Luss, Helen Mirren, Luke Evans, Cillian Murphy, Lera Abova


Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter: 2012 | R | 105 min | 5.715 rating
President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers.
Cast: Benjamin Walker, Dominic Cooper, Anthony Mackie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Rufus Sewell


Open Season: 2006 | PG | 86 min | 6.1 rating
Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods 3 days before Open Season. Forced to rely on Elliot, a fast-talking mule deer, the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag-tag army against the hunters.
Cast: Martin Lawrence, Ashton Kutcher, Gary Sinise, Debra Messing, Billy Connolly


Big Top Scooby-Doo!: 2012 | G | 81 min | 7.8 rating
When Scooby and the gang hear of a werewolf plaguing a traveling circus, they go undercover as circus performers to get to the bottom.
Cast: Frank Welker, Mindy Cohn, Grey DeLisle, Matthew Lillard, Greg Ellis


War Horse: 2011 | PG-13 | 146 min | 7.309 rating
On the brink of the First World War, Albert's beloved horse Joey is sold to the Cavalry by his father. Against the backdrop of the Great War, Joey begins an odyssey full of danger, joy, and sorrow, and he transforms everyone he meets along the way. Meanwhile, Albert, unable to forget his equine friend, searches the battlefields of France to find Joey and bring him home.
Cast: Jeremy Irvine, Peter Mullan, Emily Watson, Niels Arestrup, David Thewlis


Ocean's Eleven: 2001 | PG-13 | 116 min | 7.433 rating
Less than 24 hours into his parole, charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night, Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash, Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife, Tess.
Cast: George Clooney, Matt Damon, Andy García, Brad Pitt, Julia Roberts


Ken Park: 2002 | NR | 97 min | 5.941 rating
Ken Park focuses on several teenagers and their tormented home lives. Shawn seems to be the most conventional. Tate is brimming with psychotic rage; Claude is habitually harassed by his brutish father and coddled, rather uncomfortably, by his enormously pregnant mother. Peaches looks after her devoutly religious father, but yearns for freedom. They're all rather tight, or so they claim.
Cast: James Ransone, Tiffany Limos, Stephen Jasso, James Bullard, Mike Apaletegui


Annabelle: 2014 | R | 99 min | 5.763 rating
A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists.
Cast: Annabelle Wallis, Ward Horton, Tony Amendola, Alfre Woodard, Eric Ladin


Absolutely Anything: 2015 | R | 85 min | 5.9 rating
Eccentric aliens give a man the power to do anything he wants to determine if Earth is worth saving.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Kate Beckinsale, Rob Riggle, Sanjeev Bhaskar, Joanna Lumley


North Country: 2005 | R | 126 min | 7.228 rating
A fictionalized account of the first major successful sexual harassment case in the United States -- Jenson vs. Eveleth Mines, where a woman who endured a range of abuse while working as a miner filed and won the landmark 1984 lawsuit.
Cast: Charlize Theron, Elle Peterson, Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, Sean Bean


Incantation: 2022 | NR | 111 min | 6.828 rating
Inspired by a true story of a family who believed they were possessed by spirits, this film follows a woman who must protect her child from a curse.  WARNING: This is a cursed video, it might contain certain risks to watch. For those who dares to follow, please solve the puzzle of my daughter's curse with me.
Cast: Hsuan-yen Tsai, Ven Kao, Sin-Ting Huang, Sean Lin, Wen Ching-Yu


Baby Face: 1933 |  | 76 min | 7.3 rating
A young woman uses her body and her sexuality to help her climb the social ladder, but soon begins to wonder if her new status will ever bring her happiness.
Cast: Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Donald Cook, Alphonse Ethier, Henry Kolker


Ghost in the Shell: 2017 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.065 rating
In the near future, Major is the first of her kind: a human saved from a terrible crash, then cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals.
Cast: Scarlett Johansson, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbæk, Chin Han


Four Christmases: 2008 | PG-13 | 88 min | 5.792 rating
Brad and Kate have made something of an art form out of avoiding their families during the holidays, but this year their foolproof plan is about go bust -- big time. Stuck at the city airport after all departing flights are canceled, the couple is embarrassed to see their ruse exposed to the world by an overzealous television reporter. Now, Brad and Kate are left with precious little choice other than to swallow their pride and suffer the rounds.
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Reese Witherspoon, Robert Duvall, Sissy Spacek, Mary Steenburgen


Brightburn: 2019 | R | 91 min | 6.116 rating
What if a child from another world crash-landed on Earth, but instead of becoming a hero to mankind, he proved to be something far more sinister?
Cast: Jackson A. Dunn, Elizabeth Banks, David Denman, Matt Jones, Meredith Hagner


Game Night: 2018 | R | 100 min | 6.853 rating
Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night.
Cast: Jason Bateman, Rachel McAdams, Kyle Chandler, Sharon Horgan, Billy Magnussen


Mystic River: 2003 | R | 138 min | 7.749 rating
The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them suffers a family tragedy.
Cast: Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden


Red Tails: 2012 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.476 rating
The story of the Tuskegee Airmen, the first African-American pilots to fly in a combat squadron during World War II.
Cast: Bryan Cranston, David Oyelowo, Cuba Gooding Jr., Daniela Ruah, Terrence Howard


The Sixth Sense: 1999 |  | 107 min | 7.947 rating
Following an unexpected tragedy, child psychologist Malcolm Crowe meets a nine year old boy named Cole Sear, who is hiding a dark secret.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collette, Olivia Williams, Trevor Morgan


The Illusionist: 2006 | PG-13 | 110 min | 7.292 rating
With his eye on a lovely aristocrat, a gifted illusionist named Eisenheim uses his powers to win her away from her betrothed, a crown prince. But Eisenheim's scheme creates tumult within the monarchy and ignites the suspicion of a dogged inspector.
Cast: Edward Norton, Paul Giamatti, Jessica Biel, Rufus Sewell, Eddie Marsan


Unbroken: Path to Redemption: 2018 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.69 rating
Zamperini returns to California where he wound up marrying Cynthia Applewhite while wrestling with untreated PTSD, suffering constant nightmares, angry, bitter and deeply depressed, his wife convinces Zamperini to attend the 1949 Billy Graham Crusade.
Cast: Samuel Hunt, Merritt Patterson, Bob Gunton, Will Graham, David Sakurai


Jerry & Marge Go Large: 2022 |  | 96 min | 7.363 rating
The remarkable true story of how retiree Jerry Selbee discovers a mathematical loophole in the Massachusetts lottery and, with the help of his wife, Marge, wins $27 million dollars and uses the money to revive their small Michigan town.
Cast: Bryan Cranston, Annette Bening, Rainn Wilson, Larry Wilmore, Michael McKean


Neon Genesis Evangelion: The End of Evangelion: 1997 | R | 87 min | 8.331 rating
The second of two theatrically released follow-ups to the Neon Genesis Evangelion series. Comprising of two alternate episodes which were first intended to take the place of episodes 25 and 26, this finale answers many of the questions surrounding the series, while also opening up some new possibilities.
Cast: Megumi Ogata, Megumi Hayashibara, Kotono Mitsuishi, Yuko Miyamura, Fumihiko Tachiki


The Silence: 2019 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.014 rating
With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult.
Cast: Stanley Tucci, Kiernan Shipka, Miranda Otto, Kate Trotter, John Corbett


The Delinquents: 2023 |  | 190 min | 7.167 rating
An Argentinian bank employee robs hundreds of thousands of dollars from his bank and ropes a coworker into his plan - he will turn himself in and while he serves his sentence, the coworker will safeguard the money; after his release, they will split it.
Cast: Daniel Elías, Esteban Bigliardi, Margarita Molfino, Germán de Silva, Mariana Chaud


Liar Liar: 1997 | PG-13 | 86 min | 6.676 rating
Fletcher Reede is a fast-talking attorney and habitual liar. When his son Max blows out the candles on his fifth birthday he has just one wish - that his dad will stop lying for 24 hours. When Max's wish comes true, Fletcher discovers that his mouth has suddenly become his biggest liability.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Maura Tierney, Justin Cooper, Cary Elwes, Anne Haney


Cape Fear: 1991 | R | 128 min | 7.266 rating
Sam Bowden is a small-town corporate attorney. Max Cady is a tattooed, cigar-smoking, Bible-quoting, psychotic rapist. What do they have in common? 14 years ago, Sam was a public defender assigned to Max Cady's rape trial, and he made a serious error: he hid a document from his illiterate client that could have gotten him acquitted. Now, the cagey Cady has been released, and he intends to teach Sam Bowden and his family a thing or two about loss.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Nick Nolte, Jessica Lange, Juliette Lewis, Joe Don Baker


Big George Foreman: 2023 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.679 rating
Fueled by an impoverished childhood, George Foreman channeled his anger into becoming an Olympic Gold medalist and World Heavyweight Champion, followed by a near-death experience that took him from the boxing ring to the pulpit. But when he sees his community struggling spiritually and financially, Foreman returns to the ring and makes history by reclaiming his title, becoming the oldest and most improbable World Heavyweight Boxing Champion ever.
Cast: Khris Davis, Forest Whitaker, Sullivan Jones, Deion Smith, Matthew Glave


Abandoned: 2022 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.124 rating
After a young couple moves into a remote farmhouse with their infant son, the woman's struggles with postpartum psychosis begin to intensify... as the house reveals secrets of its own.
Cast: Emma Roberts, John Gallagher Jr., Michael Shannon, Kate Arrington, Marie May


Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn): 2020 | R | 108 min | 6.95 rating
Harley Quinn joins forces with a singer, an assassin and a police detective to help a young girl who had a hit placed on her after she stole a rare diamond from a crime lord.
Cast: Margot Robbie, Ewan McGregor, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jurnee Smollett, Rosie Perez


Halloween: 2018 | R | 106 min | 6.6 rating
Laurie Strode comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers, the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago.
Cast: Jamie Lee Curtis, Judy Greer, Andi Matichak, Will Patton, Virginia Gardner


Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: 1964 | G | 52 min | 7.4 rating
Sam the snowman tells us the story of a young red-nosed reindeer who, after being ousted from the reindeer games because of his glowing nose, teams up with Hermey, an elf who wants to be a dentist, and Yukon Cornelius, the prospector. They run into the Abominable Snowman and find a whole island of misfit toys. Rudoph vows to see if he can get Santa to help the toys, and he goes back to the North Pole on Christmas Eve. But Santa's sleigh is fogged in. But when Santa looks over Rudolph, he gets a very bright idea...
Cast: Burl Ives, Billie Mae Richards, Larry D. Mann, Stan Francis, Paul Kligman


White Christmas: 1954 | NR | 120 min | 7.2 rating
Two talented song-and-dance men team up after the war to become one of the hottest acts in show business. In time they befriend and become romantically involved with the beautiful Haynes sisters who comprise a sister act.
Cast: Bing Crosby, Danny Kaye, Rosemary Clooney, Vera-Ellen, Dean Jagger


The Last Witch Hunter: 2015 | PG-13 | 106 min | 5.954 rating
The modern world holds many secrets, but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today, Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost family.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Rose Leslie, Elijah Wood, Ólafur Darri Ólafsson, Rena Owen


Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, Part 2: 2013 | PG-13 | 78 min | 7.925 rating
Batman has stopped the reign of terror that The Mutants had cast upon his city.  Now an old foe wants a reunion and the government wants The Man of Steel to put a stop to Batman.
Cast: Peter Weller, Ariel Winter, David Selby, Michael Emerson, Mark Valley


Charlie's Angels: 2000 | PG-13 | 98 min | 5.831 rating
The captivating crime-fighting trio who are masters of disguise, espionage and martial arts are back! When a devious mastermind embroils them in a plot to destroy individual privacy, the Angels, aided by their loyal sidekick Bosley, set out to bring down the bad guys. But when a terrible secret is revealed, it makes the Angels targets for assassination.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Lucy Liu, Bill Murray, Sam Rockwell


A Silent Voice: The Movie: 2016 | PG-13 | 130 min | 8.395 rating
Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in class, Shouko Nishimiya, because she is deaf. But as the teasing continues, the rest of the class starts to turn on Shouya for his lack of compassion. When they leave elementary school, Shouko and Shouya do not speak to each other again... until an older, wiser Shouya, tormented by his past behaviour, decides he must see Shouko once more. He wants to atone for his sins, but is it already too late...?
Cast: Miyu Irino, Saori Hayami, Aoi Yuki, Kensho Ono, Yuki Kaneko


Batman: Mystery of the Batwoman: 2003 | PG | 74 min | 6.7 rating
As if the Penguin wasn't enough to contend with, a new vigilante has surfaced in Gotham City, and her strong-arm tactics give Batman cause for concern.
Cast: Kevin Conroy, Tara Strong, Hector Elizondo, Kyra Sedgwick, David Ogden Stiers


Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast: 2014 | G | 77 min | 7.3 rating
An ancient myth of a massive creature sparks the curiosity of Tinker Bell and her good friend Fawn, an animal fairy who’s not afraid to break the rules to help an animal in need. But this creature is not welcome in Pixie Hollow — and the scout fairies are determined to capture the mysterious beast, who they fear will destroy their home. Fawn must convince her fairy friends to risk everything to rescue the NeverBeast.
Cast: Ginnifer Goodwin, Mae Whitman, Rosario Dawson, Lucy Liu, Raven-Symoné


The Peanuts Movie: 2015 | G | 88 min | 6.88 rating
Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis, while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest.
Cast: Noah Schnapp, Bill Melendez, Marleik 'Mar Mar' Walker, Alex Garfin, Hadley Belle Miller


Injustice: 2021 | R | 78 min | 7.431 rating
When Lois Lane is killed, an unhinged Superman decides to take control of the Earth. Determined to stop him, Batman creates a team of freedom-fighting heroes. But when superheroes go to war, can the world survive?
Cast: Justin Hartley, Anson Mount, Laura Bailey, Janet Varney, Zach Callison


A Monster Calls: 2016 | PG-13 | 108 min | 7.268 rating
A boy imagines a monster that helps him deal with his difficult life and see the world in a different way.
Cast: Lewis MacDougall, Sigourney Weaver, Felicity Jones, Toby Kebbell, Ben Moor


No Escape: 2015 | R | 103 min | 6.918 rating
In their new overseas home, an American family soon finds themselves caught in the middle of a coup, and they frantically look for a safe escape in an environment where foreigners are being immediately executed.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Lake Bell, Pierce Brosnan, Sterling Jerins, Claire Geare


Black Hawk Down: 2001 | R | 145 min | 7.373 rating
When U.S. Rangers and an elite Delta Force team attempt to kidnap two underlings of a Somali warlord, their Black Hawk helicopters are shot down, and the Americans suffer heavy casualties, facing intense fighting from the militia on the ground.
Cast: Josh Hartnett, Eric Bana, Ewan McGregor, Tom Sizemore, William Fichtner


Mortdecai: 2015 | R | 107 min | 5.5 rating
An art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Gwyneth Paltrow, Ewan McGregor, Paul Bettany, Jonny Pasvolsky


The Last: Naruto the Movie: 2014 | PG-13 | 114 min | 7.758 rating
Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War, the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world, threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis, a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything.
Cast: Junko Takeuchi, Nana Mizuki, Jun Fukuyama, Chie Nakamura, Showtaro Morikubo


Transcendence: 2014 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.032 rating
Two leading computer scientists work toward their goal of Technological Singularity,  as a radical anti-technology organization fights to prevent them from creating a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Rebecca Hall, Morgan Freeman, Paul Bettany, Cillian Murphy


War: 2007 | R | 103 min | 6.281 rating
FBI agent Jack Crawford is out for revenge when his partner is killed and all clues point to the mysterious assassin Rogue. But when Rogue turns up years later to take care of some unfinished business, he triggers a violent clash of rival gangs. Will the truth come out before it's too late? And when the dust settles, who will remain standing?
Cast: Jet Li, Jason Statham, John Lone, Devon Aoki, Luis Guzmán


Another Cinderella Story: 2008 | PG | 90 min | 6.8 rating
A guy who danced with what could be the girl of his dreams at a costume ball only has one hint at her identity: the Zune she left behind as she rushed home in order to make her curfew. And with a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in front of him, he sets out to find his masked beauty.
Cast: Selena Gomez, Drew Seeley, Jane Lynch, Katharine Isabelle, Emily Perkins


Emily the Criminal: 2022 |  | 97 min | 6.78 rating
Desperate for income, Emily takes a shady gig buying goods with stolen credit cards supplied by a charismatic middleman named Youcef. Seduced by the quick cash and illicit thrills, they hatch a plan to take their business to the next level.
Cast: Aubrey Plaza, Theo Rossi, Megalyn Echikunwoke, Gina Gershon, Jonathan Avigdori


Maybe I Do: 2023 | PG-13 | 95 min | 5.7 rating
Michelle and Allen, who have reached the point in their relationship where they are considering next steps, decide to invite  their parents to finally meet and to offer some understanding of why marriage works. Except the parents already know each other quite well, which leads to some very distinct opinions about the value of marriage.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Luke Bracey, Diane Keaton, Richard Gere, Susan Sarandon


Problem Child: 1990 | PG | 81 min | 6.013 rating
Ben Healy and his social climbing wife Flo adopt fun-loving seven year old Junior. But they soon discover he's a little monster as he turns a camping trip, a birthday party and even a baseball game into comic nightmares.
Cast: John Ritter, Jack Warden, Michael J. Oliver, Gilbert Gottfried, Amy Yasbeck


Scoob!: 2020 | PG | 93 min | 7.09 rating
In Scooby-Doo’s greatest adventure yet, see the never-before told story of how lifelong friends Scooby and Shaggy first met and how they joined forces with young detectives Fred, Velma, and Daphne to form the famous Mystery Inc. Now, with hundreds of cases solved, Scooby and the gang face their biggest, toughest mystery ever: an evil plot to unleash the ghost dog Cerberus upon the world. As they race to stop this global “dogpocalypse,” the gang discovers that Scooby has a secret legacy and an epic destiny greater than anyone ever imagined.
Cast: Amanda Seyfried, Christina Hendricks, Frank Welker, Mckenna Grace, Gina Rodriguez


Life of Pi: 2012 | PG | 127 min | 7.4 rating
The story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena, zebra, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific Ocean.
Cast: Suraj Sharma, Irrfan Khan, Ayush Tandon, Gautam Belur, Adil Hussain


Salt: 2010 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.408 rating
As a CIA officer, Evelyn Salt swore an oath to duty, honor and country. Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Salt goes on the run, using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture. Salt's efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives, as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains: "Who is Salt?"
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Liev Schreiber, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Daniel Olbrychski, August Diehl


300: Rise of an Empire: 2014 | R | 102 min | 6.099 rating
Greek general Themistocles attempts to unite all of Greece by leading the charge that will change the course of the war. Themistocles faces the massive invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god, Xerxes and Artemesia, the vengeful commander of the Persian navy.
Cast: Sullivan Stapleton, Eva Green, Lena Headey, Callan Mulvey, David Wenham


Sixteen Candles: 1984 | PG | 93 min | 6.8 rating
With the occasion all but overshadowed by her sister's upcoming wedding, angst-ridden Samantha faces her 16th birthday with typical adolescent dread. Samantha pines for studly older boy Jake, but worries that her chastity will be a turnoff for the popular senior. Meanwhile, she must constantly rebuff the affections of nerdy Ted, who is unfortunately the only boy in school who seems to take an interest in her.
Cast: Molly Ringwald, Michael Schoeffling, Haviland Morris, Gedde Watanabe, Anthony Michael Hall


Breakthrough: 2019 | PG | 116 min | 7.632 rating
Tragedy strikes when a woman named Joyce's son falls through the ice on a frozen lake and is trapped underwater for over 15 minutes. After being rushed to the hospital, the 14-year-old boy continues to fight for his life as Joyce, her husband and their pastor stay by his bedside and pray for a miracle.
Cast: Chrissy Metz, Josh Lucas, Topher Grace, Mike Colter, Marcel Ruiz


For Your Eyes Only: 1981 | PG | 128 min | 6.525 rating
A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching instructions before the enemy Soviets get to it first.
Cast: Roger Moore, Carole Bouquet, Topol, Julian Glover, Lynn-Holly Johnson


Sexual Chronicles of a French Family: 2012 | NR | 85 min | 5.166 rating
Three generations of a French family open up about their sexual experiences and desires after young Romain is caught masturbating in his biology class.
Cast: Mathias Melloul, Valérie Maës, Stephan Hersoen, Pierre Perrier, Yan Brian


An Interview with God: 2018 | NR | 97 min | 7.065 rating
An up-and-coming journalist finds his world and faith increasingly challenged when he's granted the interview of a lifetime – with someone who claims to be God.
Cast: Brenton Thwaites, David Strathairn, Hill Harper, Yael Grobglas, Charlbi Dean


National Treasure: 2004 | PG | 131 min | 6.619 rating
Modern treasure hunters, led by archaeologist Ben Gates, search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin during the Revolutionary War. The chest's whereabouts may lie in secret clues embedded in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, and Gates is in a race to find the gold before his enemies do.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Diane Kruger, Justin Bartha, Sean Bean, Jon Voight


Point Break: 2015 | PG-13 | 113 min | 5.929 rating
A young undercover FBI agent infiltrates a gang of thieves who share a common interest in extreme sports. A remake of the 1991 film, "Point Break".
Cast: Edgar Ramírez, Luke Bracey, Teresa Palmer, Ray Winstone, Max Thieriot


She Said: 2022 | R | 129 min | 7.28 rating
New York Times reporters Megan Twohey and Jodi Kantor break one of the most important stories in a generation — a story that helped launch the #MeToo movement and shattered decades of silence around the subject of sexual assault in Hollywood.
Cast: Carey Mulligan, Zoe Kazan, Patricia Clarkson, Andre Braugher, Jennifer Ehle


The Boy, the Mole, the Fox and the Horse: 2022 | G | 34 min | 8.368 rating
The unlikely friendship of a boy, a mole, a fox and a horse traveling together in the boy’s search for home.
Cast: Jude Coward Nicoll, Tom Hollander, Idris Elba, Gabriel Byrne


Star Trek: 2009 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.434 rating
The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of bitter rivals. One, James Kirk, is a delinquent, thrill-seeking Iowa farm boy. The other, Spock, a Vulcan, was raised in a logic-based society that rejects all emotion. As fiery instinct clashes with calm reason, their unlikely but powerful partnership is the only thing capable of leading their crew through unimaginable danger, boldly going where no one has gone before. The human adventure has begun again.
Cast: Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Zoe Saldaña, John Cho


G-Force: 2009 | PG | 88 min | 5.442 rating
A team of trained secret agent animals, guinea pigs Darwin, Hurley, Juarez, Blaster, mole Speckles, and fly Mooch takes on a mission for the US government to stop evil Leonard Saber, who plans to destroy the world with household appliances. But the government shuts them down and they are sentenced to a pet shop. Can they escape to defeat the villain and save the world?
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Jon Favreau, Tracy Morgan, Penélope Cruz, Nicolas Cage


Good Burger: 1997 | PG | 95 min | 6.044 rating
Two L.A. teens with summer jobs at Good Burger try to save their small restaurant when a corporate giant burger franchise moves in across the street.
Cast: Kel Mitchell, Kenan Thompson, Sinbad, Abe Vigoda, Shar Jackson


A Bronx Tale: 1993 | R | 121 min | 7.855 rating
Set in the Bronx during the tumultuous 1960s, an adolescent boy is torn between his honest, working-class father and a violent yet charismatic crime boss. Complicating matters is the youngster's growing attraction - forbidden in his neighborhood - for a beautiful black girl.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Chazz Palminteri, Lillo Brancato, Francis Capra, Taral Hicks


Entourage: 2015 | R | 104 min | 6.2 rating
Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boys, Eric, Turtle and Johnny, are back…and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold. Some of their ambitions have changed, but the bond between them remains strong as they navigate the capricious and often cutthroat world of Hollywood.
Cast: Kevin Connolly, Adrian Grenier, Kevin Dillon, Jerry Ferrara, Jeremy Piven


The Abyss: 1989 | PG-13 | 140 min | 7.3 rating
A civilian oil rig crew is recruited to conduct a search and rescue effort when a nuclear submarine mysteriously sinks. One diver soon finds himself on a spectacular odyssey 25,000 feet below the ocean's surface where he confronts a mysterious force that has the power to change the world or destroy it.
Cast: Ed Harris, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Michael Biehn, Leo Burmester, Todd Graff


Priest: 2011 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.8 rating
In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War, the veteran Warrior Priest lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities. When the Priest's niece is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down. He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend, who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess.
Cast: Paul Bettany, Karl Urban, Lily Collins, Maggie Q, Stephen Moyer


Consecration: 2023 | R | 90 min | 5.8 rating
After the alleged suicide of her priest brother, Grace travels to the remote Scottish convent where he fell to his death. Distrusting the Church's account, she uncovers murder, sacrilege and a disturbing truth about herself.
Cast: Jena Malone, Danny Huston, Thoren Ferguson, Janet Suzman, Ian Pirie


Enchanted: 2007 | PG | 107 min | 6.811 rating
The beautiful princess Giselle is banished by an evil queen from her magical, musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a "happily ever after" basis, Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?
Cast: Amy Adams, Patrick Dempsey, James Marsden, Timothy Spall, Idina Menzel


The Bricklayer: 2023 | R | Runtime NA | 0 rating
Someone is blackmailing the CIA by assassinating foreign journalists and making it look like the agency is responsible. As the world begins to unite against the U.S., the CIA must lure its most brilliant – and rebellious – operative out of retirement, forcing him to confront his checkered past while unraveling an international conspiracy.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Nina Dobrev, Clifton Collins Jr., Tim Blake Nelson, Ilfenesh Hadera


Hugo: 2011 | PG | 126 min | 7.2 rating
Orphaned and alone except for an uncle, Hugo Cabret lives in the walls of a train station in 1930s Paris. Hugo's job is to oil and maintain the station's clocks, but to him, his more important task is to protect a broken automaton and notebook left to him by his late father. Accompanied by the goddaughter of an embittered toy merchant, Hugo embarks on a quest to solve the mystery of the automaton and find a place he can call home.
Cast: Asa Butterfield, Ben Kingsley, Chloë Grace Moretz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Ray Winstone


Planet of the Apes: 1968 | G | 112 min | 7.643 rating
Astronaut Taylor crash lands on a distant planet ruled by apes who use a primitive race of humans for experimentation and sport. Soon Taylor finds himself among the hunted, his life in the hands of a benevolent chimpanzee scientist.
Cast: Charlton Heston, Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans, James Whitmore


Odd Thomas: 2013 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.933 rating
In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces.
Cast: Anton Yelchin, Addison Timlin, Willem Dafoe, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Nico Tortorella


A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas: 2011 | R | 89 min | 6.007 rating
Six years have elapsed since Guantanamo Bay, leaving Harold and Kumar estranged from one another with very different families, friends and lives. But when Kumar arrives on Harold's doorstep during the holiday season with a mysterious package in hand, he inadvertently burns down Harold's father-in-law's beloved Christmas tree. To fix the problem, Harold and Kumar embark on a mission through New York City to find the perfect Christmas tree, once again stumbling into trouble at every single turn.
Cast: John Cho, Kal Penn, Paula Garcés, Neil Patrick Harris, Elias Koteas


Mr. Holmes: 2015 | PG | 104 min | 6.468 rating
In 1947, long-retired and near the end of his life, Sherlock Holmes grapples with an unreliable memory and must rely on his housekeeper's son as he revisits the still-unsolved case that led to his retirement.
Cast: Ian McKellen, Laura Linney, Milo Parker, Hiroyuki Sanada, Roger Allam


Rango: 2011 | PG | 107 min | 6.832 rating
When Rango, a lost family pet, accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt, the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Isla Fisher, Ned Beatty, Bill Nighy, Abigail Breslin


Girl in the Basement: 2021 | PG-13 | 88 min | 7.714 rating
Sara is a teen girl who is looking forward to her 18th birthday to move away from her controlling father Don. But before she could even blow out the candles, Don imprisons her in the basement of their home.
Cast: Judd Nelson, Stefanie Scott, Joely Fisher, Braxton Bjerken, Kim Rosen


White Fang: 1991 | PG | 107 min | 6.697 rating
Jack London's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a Yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog-wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him.
Cast: Klaus Maria Brandauer, Ethan Hawke, Seymour Cassel, Susan Hogan, James Remar


No Manches Frida: 2016 | PG-13 | 100 min | 7.743 rating
After his release from prison, bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building, Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law, he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens.
Cast: Omar Chaparro, Martha Higareda, Fernanda Castillo, Carla Adell, Regina Pavón


The Expendables 3: 2014 | PG-13 | 126 min | 6.23 rating
Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Harrison Ford, Mel Gibson, Arnold Schwarzenegger


White House Down: 2013 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.5 rating
Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news, he takes her on a tour of the White House, when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now, with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out, it's up to Cale to save the president, his daughter, and the country.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Jamie Foxx, Joey King, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Richard Jenkins


The Addams Family 2: 2021 | PG | 93 min | 7.008 rating
The Addams get tangled up in more wacky adventures and find themselves involved in hilarious run-ins with all sorts of unsuspecting characters.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Charlize Theron, Chloë Grace Moretz, Javon Walton, Nick Kroll


Life Itself: 2018 | R | 118 min | 7.211 rating
As a young New York couple goes from college romance to marriage and the birth of their first child, the unexpected twists of their journey create reverberations that echo over continents and through lifetimes.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Olivia Wilde, Annette Bening, Antonio Banderas, Mandy Patinkin


12.12: The Day: 2023 | NR | 142 min | 9.7 rating
After the assassination of President Park, martial law has been declared. A coup d’état bursts out by Defense Security Commander Chun Doo-gwang and a private band of officers following him. Capital Defense Commander Lee Tae-shin, an obstinate soldier who believes the military should not take political actions, fights against Chun Doo-gwang to stop him. The conflict between the two grows while military leaders are holding their decision and Defense Minister is gone. In the midst of chaos, the spring of Seoul that everyone longed for heads to unexpected direction.
Cast: Hwang Jung-min, Jung Woo-sung, Lee Sung-min, Park Hae-jun, Kim Sung-kyun


S.W.A.T.: 2003 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.148 rating
Hondo Harrelson recruits Jim Street to join an elite unit of the Los Angeles Police Department. Together they seek out more members, including tough Deke Kay and single mom Chris Sanchez. The team's first big assignment is to escort crime boss Alex Montel to prison. It seems routine, but when Montel offers a huge reward to anyone who can break him free, criminals of various stripes step up for the prize.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Colin Farrell, Michelle Rodriguez, LL Cool J, Josh Charles


The Great Wall: 2016 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.007 rating
European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures.
Cast: Matt Damon, Jing Tian, Willem Dafoe, Andy Lau, Pedro Pascal


Hot Fuzz: 2007 | R | 121 min | 7.555 rating
Former London constable Nicholas Angel finds it difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city, but he also has a well-meaning oaf for a partner. However, when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford, Angel smells something rotten in the idyllic village.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Jim Broadbent, Paddy Considine, Rafe Spall


Babe: 1995 | G | 91 min | 6.189 rating
Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his place in the world. With a bunch of odd friends, like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly the dog he calls mum, Babe realises that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time, and Farmer Hogget knows it. With the help of the sheep dogs, Babe learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be.
Cast: Christine Cavanaugh, Miriam Margolyes, Danny Mann, Hugo Weaving, Miriam Flynn


Perfect Addiction: 2023 | R | 97 min | 6.711 rating
A female boxing trainer discovers that her champion cage-fighter boyfriend has been cheating on her with her sister and decides to seek revenge by training up his arch-rival to challenge him.
Cast: Kiana Madeira, Ross Butler, Matthew Noszka, Bree Winslow, Nicholas Duvernay


Exploits of a Young Don Juan: 1986 |  | 100 min | 5.6 rating
It's 1914. Sixteen-year-old Roger returns home to spend his summer vacation. His initial efforts are unsuccessful, but World War I breaks out and men are seen marching off to battle. Roger goes overboard when he is presented with several amorous opportunities.
Cast: Fabrice Josso, Serena Grandi, Claudine Auger, Marina Vlady, François Perrot


A Bug's Life: 1998 | G | 95 min | 6.967 rating
On behalf of "oppressed bugs everywhere," an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper.
Cast: Dave Foley, Kevin Spacey, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Hayden Panettiere, Phyllis Diller


Crazy, Stupid, Love.: 2011 | PG-13 | 118 min | 7.262 rating
Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies.
Cast: Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Julianne Moore, Emma Stone, Lio Tipton


Carrie: 2002 | NR | 132 min | 6.103 rating
Carrie White is a lonely and painfully shy teenage girl with telekinetic powers who is slowly pushed to the edge of insanity by frequent bullying from both classmates at her school, and her own religious, but abusive, mother.
Cast: Angela Bettis, Patricia Clarkson, Rena Sofer, Kandyse McClure, Emilie de Ravin


Naked Singularity: 2021 |  | 94 min | 4.5 rating
When a successful New York public defender loses his first case, he is pulled into a drug heist by a former client in an effort to beat the broken system at its own game.
Cast: John Boyega, Olivia Cooke, Bill Skarsgård, Ed Skrein, Linda Lavin


Machete: 2010 | R | 105 min | 6.346 rating
After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss.
Cast: Danny Trejo, Michelle Rodriguez, Jessica Alba, Robert De Niro, Steven Seagal


Her: 2013 |  | 126 min | 7.861 rating
In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonely writer, purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every need. To Theodore's surprise, a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Scarlett Johansson, Amy Adams, Rooney Mara, Chris Pratt


Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy: 2011 | R | 127 min | 6.617 rating
In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage veteran George Smiley is forced from semi-retirement to uncover a Soviet mole within his former colleagues at the heart of MI6.
Cast: Gary Oldman, Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones


Some Be: 2019 | NR | Runtime NA | 5 rating

Cast: 


The Man with the Golden Gun: 1974 | PG | 125 min | 6.445 rating
Cool government operative James Bond searches for a stolen invention that can turn the sun's heat into a destructive weapon. He soon crosses paths with the menacing Francisco Scaramanga, a hitman so skilled he has a seven-figure working fee. Bond then joins forces with the swimsuit-clad Mary Goodnight, and together they track Scaramanga to a Thai tropical isle hideout where the killer-for-hire lures the slick spy into a deadly maze for a final duel.
Cast: Roger Moore, Christopher Lee, Britt Ekland, Maud Adams, Hervé Villechaize


No Strings Attached: 2011 | R | 107 min | 6.289 rating
Emma is a busy doctor who sets up a seemingly perfect arrangement when she offers her best friend Adam a relationship with one rule: No strings attached. But when a fling becomes a thing, can sex friends stay best friends?
Cast: Natalie Portman, Ashton Kutcher, Kevin Kline, Cary Elwes, Greta Gerwig


Oz the Great and Powerful: 2013 | PG | 130 min | 5.9 rating
Oscar Diggs, a small-time circus illusionist and con-artist, is whisked from Kansas to the Land of Oz where the inhabitants assume he's the great wizard of prophecy, there to save Oz from the clutches of evil.
Cast: James Franco, Mila Kunis, Rachel Weisz, Michelle Williams, Zach Braff


Kingsman: The Golden Circle: 2017 | R | 141 min | 7 rating
When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world.
Cast: Taron Egerton, Colin Firth, Julianne Moore, Mark Strong, Halle Berry


The Final Chapter: 1989 |  | 93 min | 3.8 rating
Courtney a young reporter is assigned to report on the story of a young woman who lost her husband in a bizarre voodoo ritual. He decides to take his highly sexed wife Connie on the trip to New Orleans. Connie is drawn into a secret affair with one of the locals. Gradually captivated by his spell she eventually flaunts her affair in front of her husband and finally leaves with her new lover to join the voodoo follower. Torn between contempt for his wife's infidelity and fear for her life Courtney is left to decide their destiny in the highly charged climax....
Cast: Valentine Demy, Allen Cort, Carey Sally, Robert LaBrosse, Laura Gemser


Sniper: Assassin's End: 2020 | R | 95 min | 6.236 rating
Special Ops sniper Brandon Beckett is set up as the primary suspect for the murder of a foreign dignitary on the eve of signing a high-profile trade agreement with the United States. Narrowly escaping death, Beckett realizes that there may be a dark operative working within the government, and partners with the only person whom he can trust: his father, legendary sniper Sgt. Thomas Beckett. Both Becketts are on the run from the CIA, Russian mercenaries, and a yakuza-trained assassin with sniper skills that rival both legendary sharpshooters.
Cast: Chad Michael Collins, Sayaka Akimoto, Ryan Robbins, Lochlyn Munro, Emily Tennant


Little Women: 2019 | PG | 135 min | 7.9 rating
Four sisters come of age in America in the aftermath of the Civil War.
Cast: Saoirse Ronan, Florence Pugh, Emma Watson, Eliza Scanlen, Laura Dern


Escobar: Paradise Lost: 2014 | PG-13 | 120 min | 6.278 rating
For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business.
Cast: Benicio del Toro, Josh Hutcherson, Brady Corbet, Claudia Traisac, Carlos Bardem


Bowfinger: 1999 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.2 rating
On the verge of bankruptcy and desperate for his big break, aspiring filmmaker Bobby Bowfinger concocts a crazy plan to make his ultimate dream movie. Rallying a ragtag team that includes a starry-eyed ingenue, a has-been diva and a film studio gofer, he sets out to shoot a blockbuster featuring the biggest star in Hollywood, Kit Ramsey -- only without letting Ramsey know he's in the picture.
Cast: Steve Martin, Eddie Murphy, Heather Graham, Christine Baranski, Jamie Kennedy


Godzilla: Planet of the Monsters: 2017 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6.317 rating
A desperate group of refugees attempts to recolonize Earth 20,000 years after Godzilla took over. But one young man wants revenge above all else.
Cast: Mamoru Miyano, Takahiro Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Tomokazu Sugita, Yuki Kaji


Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay: 2008 | R | 101 min | 6.258 rating
Having satisfied their urge for White Castle, Harold and Kumar jump on a plane to catch up with Harold's love interest, who's headed for the Netherlands. But the pair must change their plans when Kumar is accused of being a terrorist. Rob Corddry also stars in this wild comedy sequel that follows the hapless stoners' misadventures as they try to avoid being captured by the Department of Homeland Security.
Cast: John Cho, Kal Penn, Neil Patrick Harris, Rob Corddry, Jack Conley


Dennis the Menace: 1993 | PG | 94 min | 5.8 rating
Mr. Wilson's ever-present annoyance comes in the form of one mischievous kid named Dennis. But he'll need Dennis's tricks to uncover a collection of gold coins that go missing when a shady drifter named Switchblade Sam comes to town.
Cast: Walter Matthau, Mason Gamble, Joan Plowright, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson


White Fang: 1991 | PG | 107 min | 6.697 rating
Jack London's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a Yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog-wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him.
Cast: Klaus Maria Brandauer, Ethan Hawke, Seymour Cassel, Susan Hogan, James Remar


No Manches Frida: 2016 | PG-13 | 100 min | 7.743 rating
After his release from prison, bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building, Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law, he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens.
Cast: Omar Chaparro, Martha Higareda, Fernanda Castillo, Carla Adell, Regina Pavón


White House Down: 2013 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.5 rating
Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news, he takes her on a tour of the White House, when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now, with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out, it's up to Cale to save the president, his daughter, and the country.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Jamie Foxx, Joey King, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Richard Jenkins


Life Itself: 2018 | R | 118 min | 7.211 rating
As a young New York couple goes from college romance to marriage and the birth of their first child, the unexpected twists of their journey create reverberations that echo over continents and through lifetimes.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Olivia Wilde, Annette Bening, Antonio Banderas, Mandy Patinkin


Paul, Apostle of Christ: 2018 | PG-13 | 108 min | 7.5 rating
Risking his life, Luke ventures to Rome to visit Paul -- the apostle who's bound in chains and held captive in Nero's darkest and bleakest prison cell. Haunted by the shadows of his past misdeeds, Paul wonders if he's been forgotten as he awaits his grisly execution. Before Paul's death, Luke resolves to write another book that details the birth of what will come to be known as the church.
Cast: Jim Caviezel, James Faulkner, Olivier Martinez, Joanne Whalley, John Lynch


12.12: The Day: 2023 | NR | 142 min | 9.7 rating
After the assassination of President Park, martial law has been declared. A coup d’état bursts out by Defense Security Commander Chun Doo-gwang and a private band of officers following him. Capital Defense Commander Lee Tae-shin, an obstinate soldier who believes the military should not take political actions, fights against Chun Doo-gwang to stop him. The conflict between the two grows while military leaders are holding their decision and Defense Minister is gone. In the midst of chaos, the spring of Seoul that everyone longed for heads to unexpected direction.
Cast: Hwang Jung-min, Jung Woo-sung, Lee Sung-min, Park Hae-jun, Kim Sung-kyun


S.W.A.T.: 2003 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.148 rating
Hondo Harrelson recruits Jim Street to join an elite unit of the Los Angeles Police Department. Together they seek out more members, including tough Deke Kay and single mom Chris Sanchez. The team's first big assignment is to escort crime boss Alex Montel to prison. It seems routine, but when Montel offers a huge reward to anyone who can break him free, criminals of various stripes step up for the prize.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Colin Farrell, Michelle Rodriguez, LL Cool J, Josh Charles


The Great Wall: 2016 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.007 rating
European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures.
Cast: Matt Damon, Jing Tian, Willem Dafoe, Andy Lau, Pedro Pascal


Love the Coopers: 2015 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6 rating
When four generations of the Cooper clan come together for their annual Christmas Eve celebration, a series of unexpected visitors and unlikely events turn the night upside down, leading them all toward a surprising rediscovery of family bonds and the spirit of the holiday.
Cast: Steve Martin, Diane Keaton, Amanda Seyfried, John Goodman, Alan Arkin


Hot Fuzz: 2007 | R | 121 min | 7.555 rating
Former London constable Nicholas Angel finds it difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city, but he also has a well-meaning oaf for a partner. However, when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford, Angel smells something rotten in the idyllic village.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Jim Broadbent, Paddy Considine, Rafe Spall


Babe: 1995 | G | 91 min | 6.189 rating
Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his place in the world. With a bunch of odd friends, like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly the dog he calls mum, Babe realises that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time, and Farmer Hogget knows it. With the help of the sheep dogs, Babe learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be.
Cast: Christine Cavanaugh, Miriam Margolyes, Danny Mann, Hugo Weaving, Miriam Flynn


Perfect Addiction: 2023 | R | 97 min | 6.711 rating
A female boxing trainer discovers that her champion cage-fighter boyfriend has been cheating on her with her sister and decides to seek revenge by training up his arch-rival to challenge him.
Cast: Kiana Madeira, Ross Butler, Matthew Noszka, Bree Winslow, Nicholas Duvernay


Exploits of a Young Don Juan: 1986 |  | 100 min | 5.6 rating
It's 1914. Sixteen-year-old Roger returns home to spend his summer vacation. His initial efforts are unsuccessful, but World War I breaks out and men are seen marching off to battle. Roger goes overboard when he is presented with several amorous opportunities.
Cast: Fabrice Josso, Serena Grandi, Claudine Auger, Marina Vlady, François Perrot


A Bug's Life: 1998 | G | 95 min | 6.967 rating
On behalf of "oppressed bugs everywhere," an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper.
Cast: Dave Foley, Kevin Spacey, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Hayden Panettiere, Phyllis Diller


Crazy, Stupid, Love.: 2011 | PG-13 | 118 min | 7.262 rating
Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies.
Cast: Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Julianne Moore, Emma Stone, Lio Tipton


Carrie: 2002 | NR | 132 min | 6.103 rating
Carrie White is a lonely and painfully shy teenage girl with telekinetic powers who is slowly pushed to the edge of insanity by frequent bullying from both classmates at her school, and her own religious, but abusive, mother.
Cast: Angela Bettis, Patricia Clarkson, Rena Sofer, Kandyse McClure, Emilie de Ravin


Naked Singularity: 2021 |  | 94 min | 4.5 rating
When a successful New York public defender loses his first case, he is pulled into a drug heist by a former client in an effort to beat the broken system at its own game.
Cast: John Boyega, Olivia Cooke, Bill Skarsgård, Ed Skrein, Linda Lavin


Machete: 2010 | R | 105 min | 6.346 rating
After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss.
Cast: Danny Trejo, Michelle Rodriguez, Jessica Alba, Robert De Niro, Steven Seagal


Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy: 2011 | R | 127 min | 6.617 rating
In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage veteran George Smiley is forced from semi-retirement to uncover a Soviet mole within his former colleagues at the heart of MI6.
Cast: Gary Oldman, Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones


Holidate: 2020 |  | 104 min | 7.052 rating
Fed up with being single on holidays, two strangers agree to be each other's platonic plus-ones all year long, only to catch real feelings along the way.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Luke Bracey, Kristin Chenoweth, Frances Fisher, Andrew Bachelor


Warm Bodies: 2013 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.445 rating
After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world.
Cast: Nicholas Hoult, Teresa Palmer, Lio Tipton, John Malkovich, Dave Franco


Mickey and Friends: Trick or Treats: 2023 |  | 22 min | 7.1 rating
Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald and Daisy are trick-or-treating when Donald spies the spookiest mansion he’s ever seen and assumes it has the best treats. After he convinces his friends to risk a visit, the owner, Witch Hazel, casts a spell that turns them into their costumes.
Cast: Bret Iwan, Tony Anselmo, Bill Farmer, Kaitlyn Robrock, Debra Wilson


Colossal: 2017 | R | 109 min | 6.302 rating
A woman discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she's suffering.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Jason Sudeikis, Tim Blake Nelson, Dan Stevens, Austin Stowell


Vertigo: 1958 | PG | 128 min | 8.174 rating
A retired San Francisco detective suffering from acrophobia investigates the strange activities of an old friend's wife, all the while becoming dangerously obsessed with her.
Cast: James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, Tom Helmore, Henry Jones


Frankenweenie: 2012 | PG | 87 min | 6.955 rating
When a car hits young Victor's pet dog Sparky, Victor decides to bring him back to life the only way he knows how. But when the bolt-necked "monster" wreaks havoc and terror in the hearts of Victor's neighbors, he has to convince them that Sparky's still the good, loyal friend he was.
Cast: Charlie Tahan, Catherine O'Hara, Martin Short, Martin Landau, Atticus Shaffer


The Walk: 2015 | PG | 123 min | 6.978 rating
The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ben Kingsley, Charlotte Le Bon, James Badge Dale, Clément Sibony


Raging Bull: 1980 | R | 129 min | 8 rating
The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, Cathy Moriarty, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto


Perfect Blue: 1998 | R | 81 min | 8.3 rating
Pop singer Mima Kirigow looks forward to a bright new career when she quits her chart-topping trio to become an actress. When she lands a role in a sexually charged murder mystery, Mima’s life begins to fall apart.
Cast: Junko Iwao, Rica Matsumoto, Shiho Niiyama, Masaaki Okura, Shinpachi Tsuji


Immortals: 2011 | R | 110 min | 5.98 rating
Theseus is a mortal man chosen by Zeus to lead the fight against the ruthless King Hyperion, who is on a rampage across Greece to obtain a weapon that can destroy humanity.
Cast: Henry Cavill, Mickey Rourke, Stephen Dorff, Freida Pinto, Luke Evans


Driven: 2001 | PG-13 | 116 min | 5.136 rating
Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. With much riding on Bly, car owner Carl Henry brings former racing star Joe Tanto on board to help Bly. To drive Bly back to the top of the rankings, Tanto must first deal with the emotional scars left over from a tragic racing accident which nearly took his life.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Burt Reynolds, Kip Pardue, Stacy Edwards, Til Schweiger


Fantastic Mr. Fox: 2009 | PG | 87 min | 7.787 rating
The Fantastic Mr. Fox, bored with his current life, plans a heist against the three local farmers. The farmers, tired of sharing their chickens with the sly fox, seek revenge against him and his family.
Cast: George Clooney, Meryl Streep, Jason Schwartzman, Bill Murray, Willem Dafoe


Final Destination 5: 2011 | R | 92 min | 6.1 rating
In this fifth installment, Death is just as omnipresent as ever, and is unleashed after one man’s premonition saves a group of coworkers from a terrifying suspension bridge collapse. But this group of unsuspecting souls was never supposed to survive, and, in a terrifying race against time, the ill-fated group frantically tries to discover a way to escape Death’s sinister agenda.
Cast: Nicholas D'Agosto, Emma Bell, Miles Fisher, Courtney B. Vance, David Koechner


Cherry: 2021 | R | 140 min | 7.378 rating
Cherry drifts from college dropout to army medic in Iraq - anchored only by his true love, Emily. But after returning from the war with PTSD, his life spirals into drugs and crime as he struggles to find his place in the world.
Cast: Tom Holland, Ciara Bravo, Jack Reynor, Michael Rispoli, Jeffrey Wahlberg


The Karate Kid: 1984 | PG | 126 min | 7.179 rating
Daniel, a fatherless teenager, arrives in Los Angeles and becomes the object of bullying by a gang of karate students when he strikes up a relationship with Ali, the gang leader’s ex-girlfriend, so Daniel asks Miyagi, a master of martial arts, to help him learn karate.
Cast: Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Elisabeth Shue, Martin Kove, Randee Heller


Friday the 13th: 1980 | R | 95 min | 6.394 rating
Camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp that was the site of a child's drowning.
Cast: Jeannine Taylor, Laurie Bartram, Harry Crosby, Robbi Morgan, Adrienne King


The Garden of Words: 2013 | PG-13 | 46 min | 7.582 rating
Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, skipped school and is sketching shoes in a Japanese-style garden. He meets a mysterious woman, Yukino, who is older than him. Then, without arranging the times, the two start to see each other again and again, but only on rainy days. They deepen their relationship and open up to each other. But the end of the rainy season soon approaches.
Cast: Miyu Irino, Kana Hanazawa, Fumi Hirano, Takeshi Maeda, Yuka Terasaki


The Amazing Maurice: 2022 | PG | 93 min | 7 rating
Maurice is a streetwise ginger cat who comes up with a money-making scam by befriending a group of self-taught talking rats. When Maurice and the rodents meet a bookworm called Malicia, their little con soon goes down the drain.
Cast: Hugh Laurie, Emilia Clarke, David Thewlis, Himesh Patel, David Tennant


Australia: 2008 | PG-13 | 165 min | 6.588 rating
Set in northern Australia before World War II, an English aristocrat who inherits a sprawling ranch reluctantly pacts with a stock-man in order to protect her new property from a takeover plot. As the pair drive 2,000 head of cattle over unforgiving landscape, they experience the bombing of Darwin by Japanese forces firsthand.
Cast: Nicole Kidman, Hugh Jackman, Essie Davis, David Wenham, Bryan Brown


Insidious: 2011 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.947 rating
A family discovers that dark spirits have invaded their home after their son inexplicably falls into an endless sleep. When they reach out to a professional for help, they learn things are a lot more personal than they thought.
Cast: Patrick Wilson, Rose Byrne, Lin Shaye, Ty Simpkins, Barbara Hershey


Deepwater Horizon: 2016 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.865 rating
A story set on the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon, which exploded during April 2010 and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Kurt Russell, John Malkovich, Gina Rodriguez, Dylan O'Brien


Ginger's Tale: 2021 | NR | 88 min | 6.9 rating
The story begins with the good, but poor Potter, who once finds Flint, a magical artifact that makes its owner rich, but instead sends a death curse. Potter can be saved only by the dedication of the main character - a girl named Twinkle. Without hesitation, she rushes to the rescue of a friend, helping him to understand that love and honest work are more important than money and power.
Cast: Natalya Tereshkova, Edgard Zapashnyy, Petr Kovrizhnykh, Irina Yakovleva, Sergey Burunov


Hocus Pocus: 1993 | PG | 96 min | 7.054 rating
After 300 years of slumber, three sister witches are accidentally resurrected in Salem on Halloween night, and it is up to three kids and their newfound feline friend to put an end to the witches' reign of terror once and for all.
Cast: Bette Midler, Sarah Jessica Parker, Kathy Najimy, Omri Katz, Thora Birch


Barnyard: 2006 | PG | 90 min | 5.8 rating
When the farmer's away, all the animals play, and sing, and dance. Eventually, though, someone has to step in and run things, a responsibility that ends up going to Otis, a carefree cow.
Cast: Kevin James, Courteney Cox, Sam Elliott, Danny Glover, Wanda Sykes


ParaNorman: 2012 | PG | 90 min | 6.974 rating
In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock can speak to the dead, but no one other than his eccentric new friend believes his ability is real. One day, Norman's eccentric uncle tells him of a ritual he must perform to protect the town from a curse cast by a witch centuries ago.
Cast: Kodi Smit-McPhee, Tucker Albrizzi, Jodelle Ferland, Anna Kendrick, Casey Affleck


Richard Jewell: 2019 | R | 131 min | 7.428 rating
Richard Jewell thinks quick, works fast, and saves hundreds, perhaps thousands, of lives after a domestic terrorist plants several pipe bombs and they explode during a concert, only to be falsely suspected of the crime by sloppy FBI work and sensational media coverage.
Cast: Paul Walter Hauser, Jon Hamm, Kathy Bates, Sam Rockwell, Olivia Wilde


The Big Slime Movie: 2020 | NR | 80 min | 8.8 rating
Indy and Olivia are crazy about making slime, but they run into trouble when a big toy factory boss starts an anti-slime campaign to increase his own toy sales.
Cast: Bibi, Rómeycia Valentijn, Géza Weisz, Djamila Verhoef, Vincent Visser


Okja: 2017 | PG-13 | 122 min | 7.386 rating
A young girl named Mija risks everything to prevent a powerful, multi-national company from kidnapping her best friend - a massive animal named Okja.
Cast: Tilda Swinton, Ahn Seo-hyun, Paul Dano, Jake Gyllenhaal, Lily Collins


One Hundred and One Dalmatians: 1961 | G | 79 min | 7.171 rating
When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement.
 In a Disney animation classic, Dalmatian Pongo is tired of his bachelor-dog life. He spies lovely Perdita and maneuvers his master, Roger, into meeting Perdita's owner, Anita. The owners fall in love and marry, keeping Pongo and Perdita together too. After Perdita gives birth to a litter of 15 puppies, Anita's old school friend Cruella De Vil wants to buy them all. Roger declines her offer, so Cruella hires the criminal Badun brothers to steal them -- so she can have a fur coat.
Cast: Rod Taylor, J. Pat O'Malley, Betty Lou Gerson, Martha Wentworth, Ben Wright


American Pie Presents: Beta House: 2008 | R | 89 min | 5.648 rating
Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party.
Cast: John White, Steve Talley, Christopher McDonald, Eugene Levy, Meghan Heffern


Mortal Kombat Legends: Snow Blind: 2022 | R | 82 min | 7.922 rating
Hellbent on taking over Earthrealm, Kano viciously attacks town after town with the aid of three cold-blooded Black Dragon mercenaries. Those who don’t submit are annihilated but one young man won’t bend the knee to Kano: Kenshi.
Cast: Manny Jacinto, David Wenham, Artt Butler, Yuri Lowenthal, Sumalee Montano


Overlord: 2018 | R | 110 min | 6.699 rating
France, June 1944. On the eve of D-Day, some American paratroopers fall behind enemy lines after their aircraft crashes while on a mission to destroy a radio tower in a small village near the beaches of Normandy. After reaching their target, the surviving paratroopers realise that, in addition to fighting the Nazi troops that patrol the village, they also must fight against something else.
Cast: Jovan Adepo, Wyatt Russell, Pilou Asbæk, Mathilde Ollivier, John Magaro


Marie Antoinette: 2006 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.673 rating
An Austrian teenager marries the Dauphin  of France and becomes that country's queen following the death of King Louis XV  in 1774. Years later, after a life of luxury and privilege, Marie Antoinette loses her head during the French Revolution.
Cast: Kirsten Dunst, Jason Schwartzman, Steve Coogan, Judy Davis, Rip Torn


Wind River: 2017 | R | 107 min | 7.431 rating
An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation.
Cast: Jeremy Renner, Elizabeth Olsen, Gil Birmingham, Graham Greene, Jon Bernthal


Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald: 2018 | PG-13 | 134 min | 6.9 rating
Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend, Albus Dumbledore. However, Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before, his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world.
Cast: Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, Johnny Depp


Stand by Me: 1986 | R | 89 min | 7.851 rating
Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern are four friends who decide to hike to find the corpse of Ray Brower, a local teenager, who was hit by a train while plucking blueberries in the wild.
Cast: Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Jerry O'Connell, Corey Feldman, Kiefer Sutherland


Seven Samurai: 1954 |  | 207 min | 8.457 rating
A samurai answers a village's request for protection after he falls on hard times. The town needs protection from bandits, so the samurai gathers six others to help him teach the people how to defend themselves, and the villagers provide the soldiers with food.
Cast: Toshirō Mifune, Takashi Shimura, Yoshio Inaba, Seiji Miyaguchi, Minoru Chiaki


Premium Rush: 2012 | PG-13 | 91 min | 6.32 rating
In Manhattan, a bike messenger picks up an envelope that attracts the interest of a dirty cop, who pursues the cyclist throughout the city.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Michael Shannon, Dania Ramirez, Jamie Chung, Wolé Parks


Welcome to the Club: 2022 |  | 4 min | 6.509 rating
Heart set on becoming a princess, Lisa Simpson is surprised to learn being bad might be more fun.
Cast: Yeardley Smith, Tress MacNeille, Nancy Cartwright, Tom Hiddleston, Dawnn Lewis


Holes: 2003 | PG | 117 min | 6.832 rating
A wrongfully convicted boy is sent to a brutal desert detention camp where he must dig holes in order to build character. What he doesn't know is that he is digging holes in order to search for a lost treasure hidden somewhere in the camp.
Cast: Shia LaBeouf, Khleo Thomas, Sigourney Weaver, Jon Voight, Patricia Arquette


Hot Shots!: 1991 | PG-13 | 84 min | 6.6 rating
The gang that created Airplane and The Naked Gun sets its sights on Top Gun in this often hilarious spoof starring Charlie Sheen, who previously only inspired laughs with his personal life. He plays Topper Harley, a fighter pilot with an ax to grind: clearing the family name. He gets involved in a relationship with Valerie Golino, a woman with an unusually talented stomach. But his mission is to avenge his father. Lloyd Bridges, late in his career, revealed an aptitude for this kind of silliness, here as a commander who is both incredibly dim and delightfully accident prone. Directed by Jim Abrahams, the film makes fun of a variety of other films as well, from Dances with Wolves to The Fabulous Baker Boys. It was so successful that they all returned in the sequel, Hot Shots! Part Deux.
Cast: Charlie Sheen, Cary Elwes, Valeria Golino, Lloyd Bridges, Kevin Dunn


Renegades: 2017 | PG-13 | 105 min | 5.6 rating
In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia.
Cast: J.K. Simmons, Sullivan Stapleton, Charlie Bewley, Sylvia Hoeks, Joshua Henry


Adrift: 2018 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.851 rating
Tami Oldham and Richard Sharp couldn't anticipate that they would be sailing directly into one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. In the aftermath of the storm, Tami awakens to find Richard badly injured and their boat in ruins. With no hope of rescue, Tami must now find the strength and determination to save herself and the only man she has ever loved.
Cast: Shailene Woodley, Sam Claflin, Jeffrey Thomas, Elizabeth Hawthorne, Grace Palmer


Super 8: 2011 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.761 rating
In 1979 Ohio, several youngsters are making a zombie movie with a Super-8 camera. In the midst of filming, the friends witness a horrifying train derailment and are lucky to escape with their lives. They soon discover that the catastrophe was no accident, as a series of unexplained events and disappearances soon follows. Deputy Jackson Lamb, the father of one of the kids, searches for the terrifying truth behind the crash.
Cast: Joel Courtney, Elle Fanning, Riley Griffiths, Kyle Chandler, Noah Emmerich


Thanatomorphose: 2012 | NR | 100 min | 5.587 rating
Bruised from a night of rough sex, a young woman is shocked to find that her body, rather than healing itself, has inexplicably begun to rot. Swept up in the strange sensual experiences brought on by her slowly decaying form, she tries desperately to cling to her new existence — even as the putrid meat sack that was once her young body begins to literally fall off her bones...
Cast: Émile Beaudry, Eryka Cantieri, Roch-Denis Gagnon, Simon Laperrière, Pat Lemaire


The Secret Kingdom: 2023 | PG | 98 min | 6.627 rating
Verity and Peter’s trip to the old family mansion takes a turn when the floor of their room suddenly gives way and they fall into an underground chamber where they are met by a civilization of creatures. The leader tells them that Peter's arrival was foretold as he’s the one who can use Great Clock of the Citadel to restart time and destroy the Shroud, a malevolent creature who feeds on fear itself...
Cast: Sam Everingham, Alyla Browne, Alice Parkinson, Beth Champion, Christopher Gabardi


My Hero Academia: World Heroes' Mission: 2021 | PG-13 | 105 min | 7.591 rating
A mysterious group called Humarize strongly believes in the Quirk Singularity Doomsday theory which states that when quirks get mixed further in with future generations, that power will bring forth the end of humanity. In order to save everyone, the Pro-Heroes around the world ask UA Academy heroes-in-training to assist them and form a world-class selected hero team. It’s up to the heroes to save the world and the future of heroes in what is the most dangerous crisis to take place yet in My Hero Academia.
Cast: Daiki Yamashita, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Yuki Kaji, Ryo Yoshizawa, Kazuya Nakai


Lionheart: 1990 | R | 105 min | 6.5 rating
Lyon Gaultier is a deserter in the Foreign Legion arriving in the USA entirely hard up. He finds his brother between life and death and his sister-in-law without the money needed to heal her husband and to maintain her child. To earn the money needed, Gaultier decides to take part in some very dangerous clandestine fights.
Cast: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Harrison Page, Lisa Pelikan, Ashley Johnson, Deborah Rennard


Balto: 1995 | G | 78 min | 7.292 rating
An outcast half-wolf risks his life to prevent a deadly epidemic from ravaging Nome, Alaska.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Bob Hoskins, Bridget Fonda, Jim Cummings, Phil Collins


Flight: 2012 | R | 138 min | 6.821 rating
Commercial airline pilot Whip Whitaker has a problem with drugs and alcohol, though so far he's managed to complete his flights safely. His luck runs out when a disastrous mechanical malfunction sends his plane hurtling toward the ground. Whip pulls off a miraculous crash-landing that results in only six lives lost. Shaken to the core, Whip vows to get sober -- but when the crash investigation exposes his addiction, he finds himself in an even worse situation.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Don Cheadle, Kelly Reilly, John Goodman, Bruce Greenwood


Secret Window: 2004 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.6 rating
Mort Rainey, a writer just emerging from a painful divorce with his ex-wife, is stalked at his remote lake house by a psychotic stranger and would-be scribe who claims Rainey swiped his best story idea. But as Rainey endeavors to prove his innocence, he begins to question his own sanity.
Cast: Johnny Depp, John Turturro, Maria Bello, Timothy Hutton, Charles S. Dutton


Gravity: 2013 | PG-13 | 91 min | 7.163 rating
Dr. Ryan Stone, a brilliant medical engineer on her first Shuttle mission, with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk, disaster strikes. The Shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone-tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness of space. The deafening silence tells them they have lost any link to Earth and any chance for rescue. As fear turns to panic, every gulp of air eats away at what little oxygen is left. But the only way home may be to go further out into the terrifying expanse of space.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, George Clooney, Ed Harris, Orto Ignatiussen, Phaldut Sharma


Noah: 2014 | PG-13 | 138 min | 5.658 rating
A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic deluge takes measures to protect his family from the coming flood.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, Emma Watson


Batman: The Doom That Came to Gotham: 2023 | PG-13 | 86 min | 6.767 rating
Explorer Bruce Wayne accidentally unleashes an ancient evil, and returns to Gotham after being away for two decades. There, Batman battles Lovecraftian supernatural forces and encounters allies and enemies such as Green Arrow, Ra's al Ghul, Mr. Freeze, Killer Croc, Two-Face and James Gordon.
Cast: David Giuntoli, Patrick Fabian, John DiMaggio, Karan Brar, Navid Negahban


Men of Honor: 2000 | R | 129 min | 7.466 rating
Against formidable odds -- and an old-school diving instructor embittered by the U.S. Navy's new, less prejudicial policies -- Carl Brashear sets his sights on becoming the Navy's first African-American master diver in this uplifting true story. Their relationship starts out on the rocks, but fate ultimately conspires to bring the men together into a setting of mutual respect, triumph and honor.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Cuba Gooding Jr., Charlize Theron, Aunjanue Ellis-Taylor, Hal Holbrook


Scent of a Woman: 1992 | R | 156 min | 7.774 rating
Charlie Simms is a student at a private preparatory school who comes from a poor family. To earn the money for his flight home to Gresham, Oregon for Christmas, Charlie takes a job over Thanksgiving looking after retired U.S. Army officer Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, a cantankerous middle-aged man who lives with his niece and her family.
Cast: Chris O'Donnell, Al Pacino, James Rebhorn, Gabrielle Anwar, Philip Seymour Hoffman


Upgrade: 2018 |  | 100 min | 7.492 rating
A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure — an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk, Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility — skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life.
Cast: Logan Marshall-Green, Betty Gabriel, Harrison Gilbertson, Melanie Vallejo, Benedict Hardie


West Side Story: 2021 | PG-13 | 156 min | 7.014 rating
Two youngsters from rival New York City gangs fall in love, but tensions between their respective friends build toward tragedy.
Cast: Ansel Elgort, Rachel Zegler, Ariana DeBose, David Alvarez, Mike Faist


I, Frankenstein: 2014 | PG-13 | 92 min | 5.31 rating
200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Frankenstein's creature, Adam, still walks the earth. But when he finds himself in the middle of a war over the fate of humanity, Adam discovers he holds the key that could destroy humankind.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Yvonne Strahovski, Bill Nighy, Jai Courtney, Miranda Otto


Call of the Blonde Goddess: 1977 | NR | 82 min | 5.7 rating
Susan arrives in Haiti to live with her husband Jack, who lives with a lesbian housekeeper and Olga, a nymphomaniac platinum blonde, introduced to her as Jack's sister. Susan begins to have nightmares about voodoo ceremonies and murder.
Cast: Vicky Adams, Ada Tauler, Karine Gambier, Jack Taylor, Vítor Mendes


Cradle 2 the Grave: 2003 | R | 101 min | 6.08 rating
Gang leader Tony pulls off a major diamond heist with his crew, but cop-turned-criminal Ling knows who has the loot and responds by kidnapping Tony's daughter and holding her for ransom. Unfortunately, Tony's lost the diamonds as well. As he frantically searches for his daughter and the jewels, Tony pairs with a high-kicking government agent who once worked with Ling and seeks revenge on him.
Cast: Jet Li, DMX, Kelly Hu, Anthony Anderson, Tom Arnold


The Matrix Reloaded: 2003 | R | 138 min | 7.041 rating
Six months after the events depicted in The Matrix, Neo has proved to be a good omen for the free humans, as more and more humans are being freed from the matrix and brought to Zion, the one and only stronghold of the Resistance.  Neo himself has discovered his superpowers including super speed, ability to see the codes of the things inside the matrix and a certain degree of pre-cognition. But a nasty piece of news hits the human resistance: 250,000 machine sentinels are digging to Zion and would reach them in 72 hours. As Zion prepares for the ultimate war, Neo, Morpheus and Trinity are advised by the Oracle to find the Keymaker who would help them reach the Source.  Meanwhile Neo's recurrent dreams depicting Trinity's death have got him worried and as if it was not enough, Agent Smith has somehow escaped deletion, has become more powerful than before and has fixed Neo as his next target.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Jada Pinkett Smith


Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues: 2013 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.135 rating
With the 70s behind him, San Diego's top rated newsman, Ron Burgundy, returns to take New York's first 24-hour news channel by storm.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Steve Carell, Paul Rudd, David Koechner, Christina Applegate


Poltergeist: 2015 | PG-13 | 93 min | 5.198 rating
A family's suburban home is invaded by angry spirits. When the terrifying apparitions escalate their attacks and take the youngest daughter, the family must come together to rescue her.
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Rosemarie DeWitt, Saxon Sharbino, Kyle Catlett, Kennedi Clements


When Harry Met Sally...: 1989 | R | 96 min | 7.402 rating
During their travel from Chicago to New York, Harry and Sally debate whether or not sex ruins a friendship between a man and a woman. Eleven years later, and they're still no closer to finding the answer.
Cast: Billy Crystal, Meg Ryan, Carrie Fisher, Bruno Kirby, Steven Ford


New Year's Eve: 2011 | PG-13 | 118 min | 5.884 rating
The lives of several couples and singles in New York intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve.
Cast: Hilary Swank, Robert De Niro, Michelle Pfeiffer, Josh Duhamel, Sarah Jessica Parker


The Dive: 2023 |  | 91 min | 6.613 rating
Two sisters go diving at a beautiful, remote location. One of the sisters is struck by a rock, leaving her trapped 28 meters below. With dangerously low levels of oxygen and cold temperatures, it is up to her sister to fight for her life.
Cast: Louisa Krause, Sophie Lowe, Stella Uhrig, Shire Richardson, David Scicluna


Defiance: 2008 | R | 137 min | 6.835 rating
Based on a true story, during World War II, four Jewish brothers escape their Nazi-occupied homeland of West Belarus in Poland and join the Soviet partisans to combat the Nazis. The brothers begin the rescue of roughly 1,200 Jews still trapped in the ghettos of Poland.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell, Alexa Davalos, Allan Corduner


Pokémon: The First Movie: 1998 | G | 85 min | 6.9 rating
Determined to prove its superiority, a bio-engineered Pokémon called Mewtwo lures Ash, Pikachu and others into a Pokemon match like none before.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Mayumi Izuka, Satomi Korogi, Yuji Ueda


Maid in Manhattan: 2002 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.097 rating
Marisa Ventura is a struggling single mom who works at a posh Manhattan hotel and dreams of a better life for her and her young son. One fateful day, hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall meets Marisa and mistakes her for a wealthy socialite. After an enchanting evening together, the two fall madly in love. But when Marisa's true identity is revealed, issues of class and social status threaten to separate them. Can two people from very different worlds overcome their differences and live happily ever after?
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Ralph Fiennes, Natasha Richardson, Stanley Tucci, Tyler Posey


Days of Thunder: 1990 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.4 rating
Talented but unproven stock car driver Cole Trickle gets a break and with the guidance of veteran Harry Hogge turns heads on the track. The young hotshot develops a rivalry with a fellow racer that threatens his career when the two smash their cars. But with the help of his doctor, Cole just might overcome his injuries-- and his fear.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall, Nicole Kidman, Randy Quaid, Cary Elwes


Walking Tall: 2004 | PG-13 | 86 min | 6.3 rating
A former U.S. soldier returns to his hometown to find it overrun by crime and corruption, which prompts him to clean house.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Johnny Knoxville, Neal McDonough, Kristen Wilson, Ashley Scott


Isle of Dogs: 2018 | PG-13 | 101 min | 7.853 rating
In the future, an outbreak of canine flu leads the mayor of a Japanese city to banish all dogs to an island used as a garbage dump. The outcasts must soon embark on an epic journey when a 12-year-old boy arrives on the island to find his beloved pet.
Cast: Bryan Cranston, Koyu Rankin, Bob Balaban, Edward Norton, Bill Murray


Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation: 2015 | PG-13 | 131 min | 7.195 rating
Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet—eradicating 'The Syndicate', an International and highly-skilled rogue organization committed to destroying the IMF.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson, Ving Rhames


Crank: 2006 | R | 88 min | 6.643 rating
Chev Chelios, a hit man wanting to go straight, lets his latest target slip away. Then he awakes the next morning to a phone call that informs him he has been poisoned and has only an hour to live unless he keeps adrenaline coursing through his body while he searches for an antidote.
Cast: Jason Statham, Amy Smart, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Efren Ramirez, Dwight Yoakam


The Wind Rises: 2013 |  | 126 min | 7.785 rating
A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane.
Cast: Hideaki Anno, Hidetoshi Nishijima, Miori Takimoto, Masahiko Nishimura, Stephen Alpert


Landscape with Invisible Hand: 2023 |  | 105 min | 6.224 rating
Years into a benevolent alien occupation, mankind is still adjusting to its new overlords. Their technology initially held promise for global prosperity, but rendered most human jobs – and steady income – obsolete. When two teenagers discover the aliens are fascinated with human love and will pay for access to it, they decide to livestream their romance to make extra cash for their families.
Cast: Asante Blackk, Kylie Rogers, Tiffany Haddish, Brooklynn MacKinzie, Josh Hamilton


The Kissing Booth: 2018 |  | 105 min | 7.225 rating
When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.
Cast: Joey King, Joel Courtney, Jacob Elordi, Molly Ringwald, Stephen Jennings


Batman Forever: 1995 | PG-13 | 121 min | 5.4 rating
Batman must battle a disfigured district attorney and a disgruntled former employee with help from an amorous psychologist and a young circus acrobat.
Cast: Val Kilmer, Tommy Lee Jones, Jim Carrey, Nicole Kidman, Chris O'Donnell


Serendipity: 2001 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.91 rating
Although strangers Sara and Jonathan are both already in relationships, they realize they have genuine chemistry after a chance encounter – but part company soon after. Years later, they each yearn to reunite, despite being destined for the altar. But to give true love a chance, they have to find one another again.
Cast: John Cusack, Kate Beckinsale, Jeremy Piven, Bridget Moynahan, John Corbett


Wingwomen: 2023 | R | 114 min | 6.123 rating
Tired of life on the run, a pro thief decides to retire — but not before one easy last job with her partner in crime and a feisty new getaway driver.
Cast: Mélanie Laurent, Adèle Exarchopoulos, Isabelle Adjani, Manon Bresch, Philippe Katerine


Jaws: The Revenge: 1987 | PG-13 | 89 min | 4.061 rating
After another deadly shark attack, Ellen Brody decides she has had enough of New England's Amity Island and moves to the Caribbean to join her son, Michael, and his family. But a great white shark has followed her there, hungry for more lives.
Cast: Lorraine Gary, Lance Guest, Mario Van Peebles, Michael Caine, Karen Young


Cowboys & Aliens: 2011 | PG-13 | 119 min | 5.6 rating
A stranger stumbles into the desert town of Absolution with no memory of his past and a futuristic shackle around his wrist. With the help of mysterious beauty Ella and the iron-fisted Colonel Dolarhyde, he finds himself leading an unlikely posse of cowboys, outlaws, and Apache warriors against a common enemy from beyond this world in an epic showdown for survival.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, Olivia Wilde, Sam Rockwell, Adam Beach


The Sadness: 2021 | R | 99 min | 6.8 rating
A young couple is pushed to the limits of sanity as they attempt to be reunited amid the chaos of a pandemic outbreak. The streets erupt into violence and depravity, as those infected are driven to enact the most cruel and ghastly things imaginable.
Cast: Berant Zhu, Regina Lei, Ying-Ru Chen, Tzu-Chiang Wang, Tsai Chang-Hsien


Christopher Robin: 2018 | PG | 104 min | 7.322 rating
Christopher Robin, the boy who had countless adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood, has grown up and lost his way. Now it’s up to his spirited and loveable stuffed animals, Winnie The Pooh, Tigger, Piglet, and the rest of the gang, to rekindle their friendship and remind him of endless days of childlike wonder and make-believe, when doing nothing was the very best something.
Cast: Ewan McGregor, Hayley Atwell, Bronte Carmichael, Jim Cummings, Brad Garrett


American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile: 2006 | R | 97 min | 5.505 rating
When Erik Stifler realizes that he's the only Stifler family member who might graduate high school a virgin, he decides to live up to his legacy. After some well-meaning advice from Jim's dad, Erik's ready to take his chances at the annual and infamous Naked Mile race, where his devoted friends and some uninhibited sorority girls will create the most outrageous weekend ever.
Cast: John White, Jessy Schram, Steve Talley, Christopher McDonald, Eugene Levy


Quantum of Solace: 2008 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.3 rating
Betrayed by Vesper, the woman he loved, 007 fights the urge to make his latest mission personal. Pursuing his determination to uncover the truth, Bond and M interrogate Mr. White, who reveals that the organization that blackmailed Vesper is far more complex and dangerous than anyone had imagined.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Olga Kurylenko, Mathieu Amalric, Judi Dench, Giancarlo Giannini


Mallrats: 1995 | R | 94 min | 6.8 rating
Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall. Eventually, they decide to try and win back their significant others and take care of their respective nemeses.
Cast: Shannen Doherty, Jeremy London, Jason Lee, Claire Forlani, Ben Affleck


On Her Majesty's Secret Service: 1969 | PG | 142 min | 6.588 rating
James Bond tracks his archnemesis, Ernst Blofeld, to a mountaintop retreat in the Swiss alps where he is training an army of beautiful, lethal women. Along the way, Bond falls for Italian contessa Tracy Draco, and marries her in order to get closer to Blofeld.
Cast: George Lazenby, Diana Rigg, Telly Savalas, Gabriele Ferzetti, Ilse Steppat


Nowhere to Run: 1993 | R | 94 min | 6.358 rating
Escaped convict Sam Gillen single-handedly takes on ruthless developers who are determined to evict a widow with two young children.
Cast: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Rosanna Arquette, Kieran Culkin, Ted Levine, Tiffany Taubman


Ace Ventura: Pet Detective: 1994 | PG-13 | 86 min | 6.546 rating
He's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Jim Carrey is on the case to find the Miami Dolphins' missing mascot and quarterback Dan Marino. He goes eyeball to eyeball with a man-eating shark, stakes out the Miami Dolphins and woos and wows the ladies. Whether he's undercover, under fire or underwater, he always gets his man… or beast!
Cast: Jim Carrey, Courteney Cox, Sean Young, Tone Loc, Dan Marino


The Virtuoso: 2021 | R | 105 min | 6 rating
A lonesome stranger with nerves of steel must track down and kill a rogue hitman to satisfy an outstanding debt. But the only information he's been given is a time and location where to find his quarry. No name. No description. Nothing.
Cast: Anthony Hopkins, Anson Mount, Abbie Cornish, Diora Baird, Eddie Marsan


Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween: 2018 | PG | 90 min | 6.126 rating
Be careful what you wish for. With their after school junk business, best friends Sonny and Sam hope to find treasure in other people’s trash. But when cleaning out the old Stine house, they open a locked book that frees a supernatural nightmare – Slappy! Now, with the help of Sonny’s sister Sarah, they’re in a race against time to get the sinister dummy and all the creatures he’s brought to life back into the pages before he unleashes total pandemonium!
Cast: Jeremy Ray Taylor, Madison Iseman, Caleel Harris, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Ken Jeong


21: 2008 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.696 rating
Ben Campbell is a young, highly intelligent, student at M.I.T. who strives to succeed. Wanting a scholarship to transfer to Harvard School of Medicine to become a doctor, Ben learns that he cannot afford the $300,000 tuition as he comes from a poor, working-class background. But one evening, Ben is introduced by his unorthodox math professor to  a small but secretive club.  Students Jill, Choi, Kianna, and Fisher, who are being trained by Professor Rosa in to count cards at blackjack.
Cast: Jim Sturgess, Kevin Spacey, Kate Bosworth, Aaron Yoo, Liza Lapira


Freaky Friday: 2003 | PG | 97 min | 6.478 rating
Mother and daughter bicker over everything -- what Anna wears, whom she likes and what she wants to do when she's older. In turn, Anna detests Tess's fiancé. When a magical fortune cookie switches their personalities, they each get a peek at how the other person feels, thinks and lives.
Cast: Lindsay Lohan, Jamie Lee Curtis, Harold Gould, Chad Michael Murray, Mark Harmon


Uncle Drew: 2018 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.729 rating
Uncle Drew recruits a squad of older basketball players to return to the court to compete in a tournament.
Cast: Kyrie Irving, Lil Rel Howery, Shaquille O'Neal, Chris Webber, Reggie Miller


Chaplin: 1992 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.4 rating
An aged Charlie Chaplin narrates his life to his autobiography's editor, including his rise to wealth and comedic fame from poverty, his turbulent personal life and his run-ins with the FBI.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Geraldine Chaplin, Paul Rhys, John Thaw, Moira Kelly


A Walk Among the Tombstones: 2014 | R | 114 min | 6.321 rating
Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Dan Stevens, David Harbour, Boyd Holbrook, Ólafur Darri Ólafsson


Sahara: 2005 | PG-13 | 124 min | 5.89 rating
Scouring the ocean depths for treasure-laden shipwrecks is business as usual for a thrill-seeking underwater adventurer and his wisecracking buddy. But when these two cross paths with a beautiful doctor, they find themselves on the ultimate treasure hunt.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Penélope Cruz, Steve Zahn, William H. Macy, Lennie James


Going in Style: 2017 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.7 rating
Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, Alan Arkin, Ann-Margret, John Ortiz


The Kiss List: 2023 | NR | Runtime NA | 8.2 rating
High-school student Camille Collins finds herself in a social media spin-out after her crush, Dylan, spreads rumors that she’s a bad kisser. So, Camille creates a “kiss list” to prove Dylan wrong and find her one true love. Her plan derails early and often, with social media meltdowns and backlash from classmates, her best friend, Liam, and her single mom, who struggles with her daughter’s bisexuality. Adapted from Sara Jo Cluff’s young-adult book of the same name.
Cast: Megan Suri, Parminder Nagra, Emjay Anthony, Lachlan Watson, Shea Pritchard


LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League: Cosmic Clash: 2016 | NR | 78 min | 6.4 rating
Earth, a shiny jewel floating in the blackness of space... and for the robot known as Brainiac, the last piece to capture for his collection of planets. Not if the Justice League has anything to say about it!
Cast: Troy Baker, Grey DeLisle, Phil LaMarr, Nolan North, James Arnold Taylor


Daredevil: 2003 | PG-13 | 103 min | 5.256 rating
A man blinded in a childhood accident fights crime using his superhumanly-elevated remaining senses.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Jennifer Garner, Colin Farrell, Michael Clarke Duncan, Jon Favreau


Goosebumps: 2015 | PG | 103 min | 6.3 rating
After moving to a small town, Zach Cooper finds a silver lining when he meets next door neighbor Hannah, the daughter of bestselling Goosebumps series author R.L. Stine. When Zach unintentionally unleashes real monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town, it’s suddenly up to Stine, Zach and Hannah to get all of them back in the books where they belong.
Cast: Jack Black, Dylan Minnette, Odeya Rush, Amy Ryan, Ryan Lee


Whisper of the Heart: 1995 | G | 111 min | 7.935 rating
Shizuku lives a simple life, dominated by her love for stories and writing. One day she notices that all the library books she has have been previously checked out by the same person: 'Seiji Amasawa'.
Cast: Yoko Honna, Issey Takahashi, Takashi Tachibana, Shigeru Muroi, Minami Takayama


Licorice Pizza: 2021 | R | 133 min | 7.004 rating
The story of Gary Valentine and Alana Kane growing up, running around and going through the treacherous navigation of first love in the San Fernando Valley, 1973.
Cast: Alana Haim, Cooper Hoffman, Sean Penn, Tom Waits, Bradley Cooper


The Unborn: 2009 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.2 rating
A young woman fights the spirit that is slowly taking possession of her.
Cast: Odette Annable, Cam Gigandet, Gary Oldman, Idris Elba, James Remar


Equilibrium: 2002 | R | 107 min | 7 rating
In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system.
Cast: Christian Bale, Taye Diggs, Angus Macfadyen, Matthew Harbour, Sean Bean


Nanny McPhee: 2005 | PG | 97 min | 6.654 rating
Widower Cedric Brown hires Nanny McPhee to care for his seven rambunctious children, who have chased away all previous nannies. Taunted by Simon and his siblings, Nanny McPhee uses mystical powers to instill discipline. And when the children's great-aunt and benefactor, Lady Adelaide Stitch, threatens to separate the kids, the family pulls together under the guidance of Nanny McPhee.
Cast: Emma Thompson, Colin Firth, Kelly Macdonald, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Eliza Bennett


No Dogs or Italians Allowed: 2023 | NR | 70 min | 7.7 rating
Early 20th century, in the Ughetto family's home village, Ughettera, Northern Italy. Life in the region had become very difficult and the Ughettos dreamed of a better life abroad. Legend has it that Luigi Ughetto crossed the Alps and started a new life in France, thus changing his beloved family's destiny forever. His grandson retraces their story.
Cast: Ariane Ascaride, Alain Ughetto, Stefano Paganini, Diego Giuliani, Christophe Gatto


Knowing: 2009 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.185 rating
A teacher opens a time capsule that has been dug up at his son's elementary school; in it are some chilling predictions -- some that have already occurred and others that are about to -- that lead him to believe his family plays a role in the events that are about to unfold.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Rose Byrne, Chandler Canterbury, Ben Mendelsohn, Nadia Townsend


Samson: 2018 |  | 110 min | 5.8 rating
After losing the love of his life to a cruel Philistine prince, a young Hebrew with Supernatural strength defends his people, sacrificing everything to avenge his love, his people, and his God.
Cast: Taylor James, Jackson Rathbone, Billy Zane, Caitlin Leahy, Frances Sholto-Douglas


Diamonds Are Forever: 1971 | PG | 120 min | 6.397 rating
Diamonds are stolen only to be sold again in the international market. James Bond infiltrates a smuggling mission to find out who's guilty. The mission takes him to Las Vegas where Bond meets his archenemy Blofeld.
Cast: Sean Connery, Jill St. John, Charles Gray, Lana Wood, Jimmy Dean


Monsters vs Aliens: 2009 | PG | 94 min | 6.213 rating
When Susan Murphy is unwittingly clobbered by a meteor full of outer space gunk on her wedding day, she mysteriously grows to 49-feet-11-inches. The military jumps into action and captures Susan, secreting her away to a covert government compound. She is renamed Ginormica and placed in confinement with a ragtag group of Monsters...
Cast: Reese Witherspoon, Seth Rogen, Hugh Laurie, Will Arnett, Kiefer Sutherland


Footloose: 2011 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.601 rating
Ren MacCormack is transplanted from Boston to the small southern town of Bomont where loud music and dancing are prohibited. Not one to bow to the status quo, Ren challenges the ban, revitalizing the town and falling in love with the minister’s troubled daughter Ariel in the process.
Cast: Dennis Quaid, Kenny Wormald, Julianne Hough, Andie MacDowell, Miles Teller


Baby's Day Out: 1994 | PG | 99 min | 6.278 rating
Baby Bink couldn't ask for more: he has adoring (if somewhat sickly-sweet) parents, lives in a huge mansion, and he's just about to appear in the social pages of the paper. Unfortunately, not everyone in the world is as nice as Baby Bink's parents—especially the three enterprising kidnappers who pretend to be photographers from the newspaper. Successfully kidnapping Baby Bink, they have a harder time keeping hold of the rascal, who not only keeps one step ahead of them, but seems to be more than a little bit smarter than the three bumbling criminals.
Cast: Joe Mantegna, Lara Flynn Boyle, Joe Pantoliano, Brian Haley, Cynthia Nixon


Bandit: 2022 | R | 126 min | 6.2 rating
After escaping a Michigan prison, a charming career criminal assumes a new identity in Canada and goes on to rob a record 59 banks and jewellery stores while being hunted by a rogue task force. Based on the story of The Flying Bandit.
Cast: Josh Duhamel, Elisha Cuthbert, Mel Gibson, Nestor Carbonell, Lorenzo Yearby


Clash of the Titans: 1981 | PG | 118 min | 6.865 rating
To win the right to marry his love, the beautiful princess Andromeda, and fulfil his destiny, half-God-half-mortal Perseus must complete various tasks including taming Pegasus, capturing Medusa's head and battling the feared Kraken.
Cast: Harry Hamlin, Judi Bowker, Burgess Meredith, Maggie Smith, Ursula Andress


War of the Worlds: 2005 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.501 rating
Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-than-perfect father. Soon after his ex-wife and her new husband drop off his teenage son and young daughter for a rare weekend visit, a strange and powerful lightning storm touches down.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Dakota Fanning, Justin Chatwin, Miranda Otto, Tim Robbins


Missing: 2023 | PG-13 | 111 min | 7.518 rating
When her mother disappears while on vacation in Colombia with her new boyfriend, June’s search for answers is hindered by international red tape. Stuck thousands of miles away in Los Angeles, June creatively uses all the latest technology at her fingertips to try and find her before it’s too late. But as she digs deeper, her digital sleuthing raises more questions than answers... and when June unravels secrets about her mom, she discovers that she never really knew her at all.
Cast: Storm Reid, Joaquim de Almeida, Ken Leung, Amy Landecker, Daniel Henney


Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas: 2004 | G | 68 min | 7 rating
Santa Claus, Mickey Mouse and all his Disney pals star in an original movie about the importance of opening your heart to the true spirit of Christmas. Stubborn old Donald tries in vain to resist the joys of the season, and Mickey and Pluto learn a great lesson about the power of friendship.
Cast: Wayne Allwine, Tony Anselmo, Bill Farmer, Jim Cummings, Tress MacNeille


Dream Scenario: 2023 | R | 102 min | 7.459 rating
Hapless family man Paul Matthews finds his life turned upside down when millions of strangers suddenly start seeing him in their dreams. But when his nighttime appearances take a nightmarish turn, Paul is forced to navigate his newfound stardom.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Julianne Nicholson, Michael Cera, Dylan Gelula, Lily Bird


Sense and Sensibility: 1995 | PG | 136 min | 7.439 rating
The Dashwood sisters, sensible Elinor and passionate Marianne, whose chances at marriage seem doomed by their family's sudden loss of fortune.  When Henry Dashwood dies unexpectedly, his estate must pass on by law to his son from his first marriage, John and wife Fanny. But these circumstances leave Mr. Dashwood's current wife, and daughters Elinor, Marianne and Margaret, without a home and with barely enough money to live on. As Elinor and Marianne struggle to find romantic fulfillment in a society obsessed with financial and social status, they must learn to mix sense with sensibility in their dealings with both money and men.
Cast: Emma Thompson, Kate Winslet, Alan Rickman, Hugh Grant, Gemma Jones


Knight and Day: 2010 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.197 rating
A fugitive couple goes on a glamorous and sometimes deadly adventure where nothing and no one – even themselves – are what they seem. Amid shifting alliances and unexpected betrayals, they race across the globe, with their survival ultimately hinging on the battle of truth vs. trust.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Cameron Diaz, Peter Sarsgaard, Viola Davis, Jordi Mollà


Speed: 1994 | R | 116 min | 7.12 rating
Los Angeles SWAT cop Jack Traven is up against bomb expert Howard Payne, who's after major ransom money. First it's a rigged elevator in a very tall building. Then it's a rigged bus--if it slows, it will blow, bad enough any day, but a nightmare in LA traffic. And that's still not the end.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, Sandra Bullock, Jeff Daniels, Joe Morton


Strange Hair Salon: 2015 | NR | 84 min | 6.4 rating
Mi Na opens her new beauty salon. However, Mi Na doesn't reseive customers even though she has opend her salon for a while. Therefore, she tries to attract customers by implementing a sexy concept, which proves to be a jackpot.
Cast: Jin Seo-yeon, Lee Sin-ho, Jung Won-II, Lee Chae-dam


The Fog: 2005 | PG-13 | 100 min | 4.507 rating
Trapped within an eerie mist, the residents of Antonio Bay have become the unwitting victims of a horrifying vengeance. One hundred years earlier, a ship carrying lepers was purposely lured onto the rocky coastline and sank, drowning all aboard. Now they're back – long-dead mariners who've waited a century for their revenge.
Cast: Tom Welling, Maggie Grace, Selma Blair, DeRay Davis, Kenneth Welsh


Broker: 2022 |  | 129 min | 7.18 rating
Sang-hyeon is always struggling from debt, and Dong-soo works at a baby box facility. On a rainy night, they steal the baby Woo-sung, who was left in the baby box, to sell him at a good price. Meanwhile, detectives were watching, and they quietly track them down to capture the crucial evidence.
Cast: Song Kang-ho, Gang Dong-won, Bae Doona, IU, Lee Joo-young


I Spit on Your Grave: 2010 | R | 108 min | 6.504 rating
Jennifer is a writer working on a new novel and, needing to get out of the city to finish it, hires a riverside apartment in upstate New York to finish her book—attracting the attention of a number of rowdy male locals.
Cast: Sarah Butler, Jeff Branson, Tracey Walter, Andrew Howard, Chad Lindberg


Everest: 2015 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.816 rating
Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain, "Everest" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet, the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival.
Cast: Jason Clarke, Josh Brolin, John Hawkes, Sam Worthington, Emily Watson


Let Me In: 2010 | R | 116 min | 6.772 rating
A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.  A remake of the movie “Let The Right One In” which was an adaptation of a book.
Cast: Kodi Smit-McPhee, Chloë Grace Moretz, Richard Jenkins, Elias Koteas, Sasha Barrese


Judge Dredd: 1995 | R | 96 min | 5.8 rating
In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Diane Lane, Armand Assante, Rob Schneider, Jürgen Prochnow


Ben-Hur: 2016 | PG-13 | 125 min | 5.717 rating
A falsely accused nobleman survives years of slavery to take vengeance on his best friend who betrayed him.
Cast: Jack Huston, Pilou Asbæk, Rodrigo Santoro, Morgan Freeman, Ayelet Zurer


El Conde: 2023 | R | 112 min | 6.3 rating
After living for over two centuries, Augusto Pinochet is a vampire ready to die… but the vultures around him won't let him go without one last bite.
Cast: Jaime Vadell, Gloria Münchmeyer, Alfredo Castro, Paula Luchsinger, Stella Gonet


Midway: 2019 | PG-13 | 138 min | 7.153 rating
The story of the Battle of Midway, and the leaders and soldiers who used their instincts, fortitude and bravery to overcome massive odds.
Cast: Ed Skrein, Patrick Wilson, Woody Harrelson, Luke Evans, Mandy Moore


Peter Pan: 2003 | PG | 113 min | 7.2 rating
In stifling Edwardian London, Wendy Darling mesmerizes her brothers every night with bedtime tales of swordplay, swashbuckling and the fearsome Captain Hook. But the children become the heroes of an even greater story, when Peter Pan flies into their nursery one night and leads them over moonlit rooftops through a galaxy of stars and to the lush jungles of Neverland.
Cast: Jason Isaacs, Jeremy Sumpter, Rachel Hurd-Wood, Lynn Redgrave, Richard Briers


Zoolander 2: 2016 | PG-13 | 100 min | 4.893 rating
Derek and Hansel are modelling again when an opposing company attempts to take them out from the business.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Will Ferrell, Penélope Cruz, Kristen Wiig


How to Be a Latin Lover: 2017 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.9 rating
An aging Latin lover gets dumped by his sugar mama and must fend for himself in a harsh world.
Cast: Eugenio Derbez, Salma Hayek Pinault, Rob Lowe, Kristen Bell, Raquel Welch


Mulholland Drive: 2001 | R | 147 min | 7.829 rating
Blonde Betty Elms has only just arrived in Hollywood to become a movie star when she meets an enigmatic brunette with amnesia. Meanwhile, as the two set off to solve the second woman's identity, filmmaker Adam Kesher runs into ominous trouble while casting his latest project.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Laura Harring, Justin Theroux, Ann Miller, Mark Pellegrino


Waves: 2019 | R | 135 min | 7.398 rating
A controlling father’s attempts to ensure that his two children succeed in high school backfire after his son experiences a career-ending sports injury. Their familial bonds are eventually placed under severe strain by an unexpected tragedy.
Cast: Kelvin Harrison Jr., Taylor Russell, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Sterling K. Brown, Lucas Hedges


They Cloned Tyrone: 2023 | R | 122 min | 6.697 rating
A series of eerie events thrusts an unlikely trio onto the trail of a nefarious government conspiracy lurking directly beneath their neighborhood.
Cast: John Boyega, Teyonah Parris, Jamie Foxx, Kiefer Sutherland, David Alan Grier


Legends of the Fall: 1994 | R | 133 min | 7.386 rating
An epic tale of three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of 1900s USA and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Aidan Quinn, Julia Ormond, Henry Thomas


Chunin Exam on Fire! and Naruto vs. Konohamaru!: 2011 | NR | 14 min | 6.5 rating
Naruto faces off against his old pupil Konohamaru in a tournament during the chuunin entrance exams.
Cast: Junko Takeuchi, Ikue Otani, Kazuhiko Inoue, Akira Ishida, Showtaro Morikubo


Final Destination 3: 2006 | R | 93 min | 6.089 rating
A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few, but not from death itself – which seeks out those who escaped their fate.
Cast: Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Ryan Merriman, Kris Lemche, Alexz Johnson, Sam Easton


Dances with Wolves: 1990 | PG-13 | 181 min | 7.848 rating
Wounded Civil War soldier, John Dunbar tries to commit suicide—and becomes a hero instead. As a reward, he's assigned to his dream post, a remote junction on the Western frontier, and soon makes unlikely friends with the local Sioux tribe.
Cast: Kevin Costner, Mary McDonnell, Graham Greene, Rodney A. Grant, Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman


The Wind Rises: 2013 |  | 126 min | 7.785 rating
A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane.
Cast: Hideaki Anno, Hidetoshi Nishijima, Miori Takimoto, Masahiko Nishimura, Stephen Alpert


Athena: 2022 | R | 97 min | 6.603 rating
Hours after the tragic death of their youngest brother in unexplained circumstances, three siblings have their lives thrown into chaos.
Cast: Dali Benssalah, Anthony Bajon, Alexis Manenti, Ouassini Embarek, Sami Slimane


The Boxtrolls: 2014 | PG | 97 min | 6.7 rating
An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher.
Cast: Ben Kingsley, Isaac Hempstead-Wright, Elle Fanning, Dee Bradley Baker, Toni Collette


Alexander: 2004 | R | 175 min | 5.922 rating
Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Angelina Jolie, Val Kilmer, Jared Leto, Jonathan Rhys Meyers


Cleopatra: 1963 | G | 248 min | 7.1 rating
Determined to hold on to the throne, Cleopatra seduces the Roman emperor Julius Caesar. When Caesar is murdered, she redirects her attentions to his general, Marc Antony, who vows to take power—but Caesar’s successor has other plans.
Cast: Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Rex Harrison, Pamela Brown, George Cole


Shaun of the Dead: 2004 | R | 99 min | 7.5 rating
Shaun lives a supremely uneventful life, which revolves around his girlfriend, his mother, and, above all, his local pub. This gentle routine is threatened when the dead return to life and make strenuous attempts to snack on ordinary Londoners.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Kate Ashfield, Lucy Davis, Dylan Moran


The First Slam Dunk: 2022 |  | 125 min | 7.7 rating
Shohoku's “speedster” and point guard, Ryota Miyagi, always plays with brains and lightning speed, running circles around his opponents while feigning composure. In his second year of high school, Ryota plays with the Shohoku High School basketball team along with Sakuragi, Rukawa, Akagi, and Mitsui as they take the stage at the Inter-High School National Championship. And now, they are on the brink of challenging the reigning champions, Sannoh Kogyo High School.
Cast: Shugo Nakamura, Jun Kasama, Shinichiro Kamio, Subaru Kimura, Kenta Miyake


Horrible Bosses 2: 2014 | R | 108 min | 6.187 rating
Dale, Kurt and Nick decide to start their own business but things don't go as planned because of a slick investor, prompting the trio to pull off a harebrained and misguided kidnapping scheme.
Cast: Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, Charlie Day, Jennifer Aniston, Kevin Spacey


True Grit: 1969 | G | 128 min | 7.4 rating
The murder of her father sends a teenage tomboy on a mission of 'justice', which involves avenging her father's death. She recruits a tough old marshal, 'Rooster' Cogburn because he has 'true grit', and a reputation of getting the job done.
Cast: John Wayne, Glen Campbell, Kim Darby, Jeremy Slate, Robert Duvall


Reindeer Games: 2000 | R | 124 min | 5.649 rating
After assuming his dead cellmate's identity to get with his girlfriend, an ex-con finds himself the reluctant participant in a casino heist.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Charlize Theron, Gary Sinise, Dennis Farina, Clarence Williams III


The Informer: 2019 | R | 109 min | 6.5 rating
In New York, former convict Pete Koslow, related to the Polish mafia, must deal with both Klimek the General, his ruthless boss, and the twisted ambitions of two federal agents, as he tries to survive and protect the lives of his loved ones.
Cast: Joel Kinnaman, Rosamund Pike, Common, Ana de Armas, Clive Owen


Elizabethtown: 2005 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.187 rating
Drew Baylor is fired after causing his shoe company to lose hundreds of millions of dollars. To make matters worse, he's also dumped by his girlfriend. On the verge of ending it all, Drew gets a new lease on life when he returns to his family's small Kentucky hometown after his father dies. Along the way, he meets a flight attendant with whom he falls in love.
Cast: Orlando Bloom, Kirsten Dunst, Susan Sarandon, Alec Baldwin, Bruce McGill


Hot Chili: 1985 | R | 86 min | 3.9 rating
A group of American teenage boys goes south of the border to work for the summer at a Mexican resort. There they encounter many wacky guests and have zany adventures involving a German dominatrix, a music teacher that gets hot when giving lessons, a buxom cook, and an uptight socialite that eventually thaws. More often than not they end up in bed with someone, but one of the teens is holding out for True Love.
Cast: Charles Schillaci, Allan Kayser, Joe Rubbo, Chuck Hemingway, Louisa Moritz


Tetris: 2023 |  | 118 min | 7.786 rating
In 1988, American video game salesman Henk Rogers discovers the video game Tetris. When he sets out to bring the game to the world, he enters a dangerous web of lies and corruption behind the Iron Curtain.
Cast: Taron Egerton, Nikita Efremov, Sofia Lebedeva, Anthony Boyle, Ben Miles


Commando: 1985 | R | 90 min | 6.668 rating
John Matrix, the former leader of a special commando strike force that always got the toughest jobs done, is forced back into action when his young daughter is kidnapped. To find her, Matrix has to fight his way through an array of punks, killers, one of his former commandos, and a fully equipped private army. With the help of a feisty stewardess and an old friend, Matrix has only a few hours to overcome his greatest challenge: finding his daughter before she's killed.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rae Dawn Chong, Dan Hedaya, Vernon Wells, James Olson


Hachi: A Dog's Tale: 2009 | G | 93 min | 8.008 rating
A drama based on the true story of a college professor's bond with the abandoned dog he takes into his home.
Cast: Richard Gere, Joan Allen, Sarah Roemer, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Erick Avari


Blue Valentine: 2010 | R | 112 min | 6.945 rating
Dean and Cindy live a quiet life in a modest neighborhood. They appear to have the world at their feet at the outset of the relationship. However, his lack of ambition and her retreat into self-absorption cause potentially irreversible cracks in their marriage.
Cast: Ryan Gosling, Michelle Williams, John Doman, Mike Vogel, Ben Shenkman


After: 2012 | PG-13 | 90 min | 5.5 rating
When two bus crash survivors awake to discover that they are the only people left in their small town, they must form an unlikely alliance in a race to unravel the truth behind their isolation. As strange events begin to unfold, they start to question whether the town they know so well is really what it seems.
Cast: Steven Strait, Karolina Wydra, Sandra Ellis Lafferty, Ric Reitz, Jackson Walker


Jawbreaker: 1999 | R | 87 min | 6.3 rating
When an exclusive clique of teenage socialites accidentally murder their best friend on the morning of her birthday, the three girls responsible conspire to hide the truth.
Cast: Rose McGowan, Rebecca Gayheart, Julie Benz, Judy Greer, Pam Grier


Damage: 1992 | R | 111 min | 6.6 rating
The life of a respected British politician at the height of his career crumbles when he becomes obsessed with his son's lover.
Cast: Jeremy Irons, Juliette Binoche, Miranda Richardson, Rupert Graves, Peter Stormare


Six Days Seven Nights: 1998 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.047 rating
In the South Pacific island of Makatea, career-driven magazine editor Robin Monroe is on a week-long vacation getaway with her boyfriend, Frank Martin. An emergency work assignment in neighboring Tahiti requires Robin to hire the cantankerous pilot Quinn Harris who had flown them to the island on a sea plane. While flying, a powerful storm forces Quinn to make an emergency landing on a nearby deserted island. The dissimilar pair avoid each other at first, until they're forced to team up to escape from the island -- and some pirates who want their heads.
Cast: Anne Heche, Harrison Ford, David Schwimmer, Jacqueline Obradors, Temuera Morrison


The Old Oak: 2023 | NR | 113 min | 7.46 rating
A pub landlord in a previously thriving mining community struggles to hold onto his pub. Meanwhile, tensions rise in the town when Syrian refugees are placed in the empty houses in the community.
Cast: Dave Turner, Ebla Mari, Claire Rodgerson, Trevor Fox, Chris McGlade


Eight Legged Freaks: 2002 | PG-13 | 99 min | 5.773 rating
The residents of a rural mining town discover that an unfortunate chemical spill has caused hundreds of little spiders to mutate overnight to the size of SUVs. It's then up to mining engineer Chris McCormack and Sheriff Sam Parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople, including the Sheriff's young son, Mike, her daughter, Ashley, and paranoid radio announcer Harlan, into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts.
Cast: David Arquette, Kari Wuhrer, Doug E. Doug, Scarlett Johansson, Rick Overton


One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest: 1975 | R | 133 min | 8.423 rating
A petty criminal fakes insanity to serve his sentence in a mental ward rather than prison. He soon finds himself as a leader to the other patients—and an enemy to the cruel, domineering nurse who runs the ward.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Brad Dourif, Louise Fletcher, Danny DeVito, William Redfield


The Butterfly Effect: 2004 | R | 113 min | 7.562 rating
A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past, to occupy his childhood body and change history. However, he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences.
Cast: Ashton Kutcher, Amy Smart, Eric Stoltz, Melora Walters, Ethan Suplee


Dragonheart: Vengeance: 2020 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.889 rating
Lukas, a young farmer whose family is killed by savage raiders in the countryside, sets out on an epic quest for revenge, forming an unlikely trio with a majestic dragon and a swashbuckling, sword-fighting mercenary, Darius.
Cast: Joseph Millson, Jack Kane, Arturo Muselli, Helena Bonham Carter, Carolina Carlsson


Saw: 2005 |  | 10 min | 7 rating
David, an orderly at a hospital, tells his horrific story of being kidnapped and forced to play a vile game of survival.
Cast: Leigh Whannell, Paul Moder, Katrina Mathers, Dean Francis


Secret of the Wings: 2012 | G | 75 min | 7.206 rating
Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow.
Cast: Mae Whitman, Lucy Hale, Timothy Dalton, Jeff Bennett, Lucy Liu


The Hunchback of Notre Dame: 1996 | G | 91 min | 7.103 rating
At the urging of his gargoyle pals, Quasimodo leaves Notre Dame tower against the wishes of his guardian, the evil Judge Claude Frollo. He ventures out to the Festival of Fools and finds his first true friend, a Romani woman named Esmeralda, who entrusts him with a secret. When the secret is revealed, Quasi soon finds himself fighting to save the people and city he loves.
Cast: Tom Hulce, Demi Moore, Heidi Mollenhauer, Tony Jay, Kevin Kline


A-X-L: 2018 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.306 rating
The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology.
Cast: Alex Neustaedter, Becky G, Alex MacNicoll, Dominic Rains, Thomas Jane


Back to the Future Part II: 1989 | PG | 108 min | 7.755 rating
Marty and Doc are at it again in this wacky sequel to the 1985 blockbuster as the time-traveling duo head to 2015 to nip some McFly family woes in the bud. But things go awry thanks to bully Biff Tannen and a pesky sports almanac. In a last-ditch attempt to set things straight, Marty finds himself bound for 1955 and face to face with his teenage parents -- again.
Cast: Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Thomas F. Wilson, Elisabeth Shue


Stonehearst Asylum: 2014 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.823 rating
A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change.
Cast: Kate Beckinsale, Jim Sturgess, David Thewlis, Brendan Gleeson, Ben Kingsley


Alvin and the Chipmunks: 2007 | PG | 92 min | 5.806 rating
A struggling songwriter named Dave Seville finds success when he comes across a trio of singing chipmunks: mischievous leader Alvin, brainy Simon, and chubby, impressionable Theodore.
Cast: Jason Lee, David Cross, Cameron Richardson, Jane Lynch, Justin Long


Us: 2019 | R | 116 min | 6.975 rating
Husband and wife Gabe and Adelaide Wilson take their kids to their beach house expecting to unplug and unwind with friends. But as night descends, their serenity turns to tension and chaos when some shocking visitors arrive uninvited.
Cast: Lupita Nyong'o, Winston Duke, Shahadi Wright Joseph, Evan Alex, Tim Heidecker


Fist of the Condor: 2023 | NR | 85 min | 7.5 rating
Upon the empire’s fall to invading conquistadors, the 16th-century Incas quickly concealed a sacred manual containing the secrets behind their deadly fighting technique. But after centuries of careful safeguarding, the manual is again at risk of falling into the wrong hands, leaving its rightful guardian to battle the world’s greatest assassins to protect the ancient secrets within.
Cast: Marko Zaror, Gina Aguad, Eyal Meyer, Man Soo Yoon, José Manuel


Violet Evergarden: The Movie: 2020 | PG | 140 min | 8.317 rating
As the world moves on from the war and technological advances bring changes to her life, Violet still hopes to see her lost commanding officer again.
Cast: Yui Ishikawa, Daisuke Namikawa, Takehito Koyasu, Hidenobu Kiuchi, Haruka Tomatsu


The Bourne Ultimatum: 2007 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.4 rating
Bourne is brought out of hiding once again by reporter Simon Ross who is trying to unveil Operation Blackbriar, an upgrade to Project Treadstone, in a series of newspaper columns. Information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories, and Bourne must finally uncover his dark past while dodging The Company's best efforts to eradicate him.
Cast: Matt Damon, Julia Stiles, David Strathairn, Scott Glenn, Paddy Considine


The Innkeepers: 2011 | R | 101 min | 5.4 rating
During the final days at the Yankee Pedlar Inn, two employees determined to reveal the hotel's haunted past begin to experience disturbing events as old guests check in for a stay.
Cast: Sara Paxton, Pat Healy, Alison Bartlett, Jake Ryan, Kelly McGillis


No Escape: 2015 | R | 103 min | 6.918 rating
In their new overseas home, an American family soon finds themselves caught in the middle of a coup, and they frantically look for a safe escape in an environment where foreigners are being immediately executed.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Lake Bell, Pierce Brosnan, Sterling Jerins, Claire Geare


Ghost in the Shell: SAC_2045 Sustainable War: 2021 | R | 118 min | 7.2 rating
In the year 2045, after an economic disaster known as the Synchronized Global Default, rapid developments in AI propelled the world to enter a state of "Sustainable War". However, the public is not aware of the threat that AI has towards the human race.  A compilation film with newly added footage.
Cast: Atsuko Tanaka, Osamu Saka, Akio Otsuka, Koichi Yamadera, Yutaka Nakano


Underdogs: 2013 | PG | 106 min | 6.769 rating
In the small village where Amadeo lives there is no one good enough to challenge his skills at Table Football. But, while Amadeo may be a genius as a table football player in real life he's a loser. He's in love with Lara, his childhood friend, but he's so shy that he can't bring himself to confess his love for her. So he just hangs out in his quaint, timeless village. When Amadeo beats the village bully Flash at Table Football. The scene is set for an epic rivalry. Consumed with anger Flash vows to get even and 10 years later he returns as an International Superstar, a Football Icon and Galatico determined to wreak his revenge.
Cast: David Masajnik, Juan José Campanella, Diego Ramos, Pablo Rago, Gabriel Almirón


The Core: 2003 |  | 136 min | 5.8 rating
Geophysicist Dr. Josh Keyes discovers that an unknown force has caused the earth's inner core to stop rotating. With the planet's magnetic field rapidly deteriorating, our atmosphere literally starts to come apart at the seams with catastrophic consequences. To resolve the crisis, Keyes, along with a team of the world's most gifted scientists, travel into the earth's core. Their mission: detonate a device that will reactivate the core.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Hilary Swank, Delroy Lindo, Stanley Tucci, Tchéky Karyo


Boston Strangler: 2023 | R | 112 min | 6.724 rating
Reporters Loretta McLaughlin and Jean Cole bravely pursue the story of the Boston Strangler at great personal risk, putting their own lives on the line in their quest to uncover the truth.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Carrie Coon, Chris Cooper, Alessandro Nivola, Rory Cochrane


Father Stu: 2022 | R | 124 min | 7.223 rating
The true-life story of boxer-turned-priest. When an injury ends his amateur boxing career, Stuart Long moves to Los Angeles to find money and fame. While scraping by as a supermarket clerk, he meets Carmen, a Sunday school teacher who seems immune to his bad-boy charm. Determined to win her over, the longtime agnostic starts going to church to impress her. However, a motorcycle accident leaves him wondering if he can use his second chance to help others, leading to the surprising realization that he's meant to be a Catholic priest.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Mel Gibson, Jacki Weaver, Teresa Ruiz, Malcolm McDowell


The Best Man: 2023 | R | 93 min | 6.195 rating
Mercenaries seize control of a remote resort hotel during a wedding and it's up to the best man, the groom and their drunken best friend to stop the terrorists and save the hostages.
Cast: Brendan Fehr, Dolph Lundgren, Luke Wilson, Nicky Whelan, Scout Taylor-Compton


Falling Down: 1993 | R | 113 min | 7.379 rating
An ordinary man frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Robert Duvall, Barbara Hershey, Rachel Ticotin, Tuesday Weld


Ghost in the Shell: SAC_2045 Sustainable War: 2021 | R | 118 min | 7.2 rating
In the year 2045, after an economic disaster known as the Synchronized Global Default, rapid developments in AI propelled the world to enter a state of "Sustainable War". However, the public is not aware of the threat that AI has towards the human race.  A compilation film with newly added footage.
Cast: Atsuko Tanaka, Osamu Saka, Akio Otsuka, Koichi Yamadera, Yutaka Nakano


Hancock: 2008 | PG-13 | 92 min | 6.344 rating
Hancock is a down-and-out superhero who's forced to employ a PR expert to help repair his image when the public grows weary of all the damage he's inflicted during his lifesaving heroics. The agent's idea of imprisoning the antihero to make the world miss him proves successful, but will Hancock stick to his new sense of purpose or slip back into old habits?
Cast: Will Smith, Charlize Theron, Jason Bateman, Jae Head, Eddie Marsan


Lara Croft: Tomb Raider: 2001 | PG-13 | 100 min | 5.9 rating
English aristocrat Lara Croft is skilled in hand-to-hand combat and in the midst of a battle with a secret society. The shapely archaeologist moonlights as a tomb raider to recover lost antiquities and meets her match in the wicked Powell, who's in search of a powerful relic.
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Iain Glen, Daniel Craig, Noah Taylor, Chris Barrie


The Pilgrim's Progress: 2019 | PG | 108 min | 7.7 rating
An epic journey, faithfully adapted to modern-day. Christian faces distractions, challenges, and perils at every turn of the way. But ends victorious, with helpful guides, as he stays on the narrow path to the distant Celestial City.
Cast: David Thorpe, John Rhys-Davies, Kristyn Getty, Tristan Beint, Justin Butcher


Fearless: 2006 | PG-13 | 103 min | 7.493 rating
Huo Yuan Jia became the most famous martial arts fighter in all of China at the turn of the 20th Century. Huo faced personal tragedy but ultimately fought his way out of darkness, defining the true spirit of martial arts and also inspiring his nation. The son of a great fighter who didn't wish for his child to follow in his footsteps, Huo resolves to teach himself how to fight - and win.
Cast: Jet Li, Sun Li, Dong Yong, Shido Nakamura, Hee Ching Paw


Jason Bourne: 2016 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.336 rating
The most dangerous former operative of the CIA is drawn out of hiding to uncover hidden truths about his past.
Cast: Matt Damon, Tommy Lee Jones, Alicia Vikander, Vincent Cassel, Julia Stiles


Black Swan: 2010 | R | 108 min | 7.677 rating
A journey through the psyche of a young ballerina whose starring role as the duplicitous swan queen turns out to be a part for which she becomes frighteningly perfect.
Cast: Natalie Portman, Mila Kunis, Vincent Cassel, Barbara Hershey, Winona Ryder


RoboCop 2: 1990 | R | 117 min | 6 rating
After a successful deployment of the RoboCop Law Enforcement unit, OCP sees its goal of urban pacification come closer and closer, but as this develops, a new narcotic known as "Nuke" invades the streets led by God-delirious leader Cane. As this menace grows, it may prove to be too much for Murphy to handle. OCP tries to replicate the success of the first unit, but ends up with failed prototypes with suicidal issues... until Dr. Faxx, a scientist straying away from OCP's path, uses Cane as the new subject for the RoboCop 2 project, a living God.
Cast: Peter Weller, Nancy Allen, Tom Noonan, Belinda Bauer, Willard E. Pugh


The Book of Daniel: 2013 | G | 88 min | 7 rating
Taken into slavery after the fall of Jerusalem in 605 B.C., Daniel is forced to serve the most powerful king in the world, King Nebuchadnezzar. Faced with imminent death, Daniel proves himself a trusted Advisor and is placed among the king's wise men. Threatened by death at every turn Daniel never ceases to serve the king until he is forced to choose between serving the king or honoring God. With his life at stake, Daniel has nothing but his faith to stand between him and the lions' den.
Cast: Robert Miano, Andrew Bongiorno, Lance Henriksen, Kevin McCorkle, Rolf Saxon


Once Upon a Time in America: 1984 | R | 229 min | 8.428 rating
A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later, where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.
Cast: Robert De Niro, James Woods, Elizabeth McGovern, Treat Williams, Tuesday Weld


Voyagers: 2021 | PG-13 | 108 min | 5.979 rating
With the future of the human race at stake, a group of young men and women -- bred for intelligence and obedience -- embark on an expedition to colonize a distant planet. When they uncover disturbing secrets about the mission, they defy their training and begin to explore their most primitive natures. As life on the ship descends into chaos, they soon become consumed by fear, lust and an insatiable hunger for power.
Cast: Tye Sheridan, Lily-Rose Depp, Fionn Whitehead, Colin Farrell, Chanté Adams


Rushed: 2021 |  | 101 min | 6.94 rating
Barbara O’Brien, an Irish Catholic mother, has her life turned upside-down when her son, a freshman in college, is involved in a tragic hazing incident. Taking justice into her own hands, she travels across the country recording mothers who have lost sons to hazing in an effort to prove the university’s liability. When she is confronted by corruption and cover ups, she seeks revenge on the one person she finds truly responsible, proving that hell hath no fury like a mother scorned.
Cast: Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Robert Patrick, Jake Weary, Peri Gilpin, Lily Rosenthal


Big Daddy: 1999 | PG-13 | 93 min | 6.462 rating
A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Joey Lauren Adams, Jon Stewart, Cole Sprouse, Dylan Sprouse


Gone with the Wind: 1939 | G | 233 min | 7.967 rating
The spoiled daughter of a Georgia plantation owner conducts a tumultuous romance with a cynical profiteer during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era.
Cast: Vivien Leigh, Clark Gable, Olivia de Havilland, Leslie Howard, Hattie McDaniel


Strawberry Shortcake and the Beast of Berry Bog: 2023 | NR | 42 min | 7.2 rating
Strawberry Shortcake and friends must solve the mystery of the big scary monster ruining the spooky season.
Cast: Ana Sani, Diana Kaarina, Chirag Naik, Vincent Tong, Andrea Libman


Elektra: 2005 | PG-13 | 97 min | 5.036 rating
Elektra the warrior survives a near-death experience, becomes an assassin-for-hire, and tries to protect her two latest targets, a single father and his young daughter, from a group of supernatural assassins.
Cast: Jennifer Garner, Goran Visnjic, Will Yun Lee, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Terence Stamp


The Accountant: 2016 | R | 128 min | 7.068 rating
As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Anna Kendrick, J.K. Simmons, Jon Bernthal, Jeffrey Tambor


Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties: 2006 | PG | 78 min | 5.5 rating
Jon and Garfield visit the United Kingdom, where a case of mistaken cat identity finds Garfield ruling over a castle. His reign is soon jeopardized by the nefarious Lord Dargis, who has designs on the estate.
Cast: Breckin Meyer, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Billy Connolly, Bill Murray, Tim Curry


The Spy Who Loved Me: 1977 | PG | 125 min | 6.785 rating
Russian and British submarines with nuclear missiles on board both vanish from sight without a trace. England and Russia both blame each other as James Bond tries to solve the riddle of the disappearing ships. But the KGB also has an agent on the case.
Cast: Roger Moore, Barbara Bach, Curd Jürgens, Richard Kiel, Caroline Munro


Brick Mansions: 2014 | PG-13 | 90 min | 5.896 rating
In a dystopian Detroit, grand houses that once housed the wealthy are now homes of the city's most-dangerous criminals. Surrounding the area is a giant wall to keep the rest of Detroit safe. For undercover cop Damien Collier, every day is a battle against corruption as he struggles to bring his father's killer, Tremaine, to justice. Meanwhile, Damien and an ex-con named Lino work together to save the city from a plot to destroy it.
Cast: Paul Walker, David Belle, RZA, Robert Maillet, Carlo Rota


Me, Myself & Irene: 2000 | R | 116 min | 6.592 rating
Rhode Island State Trooper Charlie Baileygates has a multiple personality disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene after Charlie loses his medication.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Renée Zellweger, Anthony Anderson, Robert Forster, Richard Jenkins


The Simpsons in Plusaversary: 2021 | G | 4 min | 6.56 rating
The Simpsons host a Disney+ Day party and everyone is on the list… except Homer. With friends from across the service and music fit for a Disney Princess, Plusaversary is Springfield's event of the year.
Cast: Dan Castellaneta, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, Tress MacNeille


Son of God: 2014 | PG-13 | 138 min | 6.871 rating
In the Holy Land, the Roman occupation has produced a cauldron of oppression, anxiety and excessive taxes levied upon the Jewish people. Fearing the wrath of Roman governor Pontius Pilate , Jewish high priest Caiaphas tries to keep control of his people. That control is threatened when Jesus arrives in Jerusalem, performing miracles and spreading messages of love and hope. Those who fear that Jesus will inspire a revolution decide that he must die.
Cast: Roma Downey, Diogo Morgado, Louise Delamere, Darwin Shaw, Amber Rose Revah


The Purge: Election Year: 2016 | R | 105 min | 6.398 rating
Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son, former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan, the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge, a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night.
Cast: Elizabeth Mitchell, Frank Grillo, Mykelti Williamson, Betty Gabriel, J. J. Soria


Memoirs of a Geisha: 2005 | PG-13 | 146 min | 7.675 rating
A sweeping romantic epic set in Japan in the years before World War II, a penniless Japanese child is torn from her family to work as a maid in a geisha house.
Cast: Zhang Ziyi, Gong Li, Michelle Yeoh, Ken Watanabe, Suzuka Ohgo


King Arthur: Legend of the Sword: 2017 | PG-13 | 126 min | 6.543 rating
When the child Arthur’s father is murdered, Vortigern, Arthur’s uncle, seizes the crown. Robbed of his birthright and with no idea who he truly is, Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword Excalibur from the stone, his life is turned upside down and he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy... whether he likes it or not.
Cast: Charlie Hunnam, Jude Law, Astrid Bergès-Frisbey, Eric Bana, Djimon Hounsou


Den of Thieves: 2018 | R | 140 min | 6.778 rating
A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Dawn Olivieri, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Pablo Schreiber, 50 Cent


CBGB: 2013 | R | 101 min | 6.381 rating
A look at New York's dynamic punk rock scene through the lens of the ground-breaking Lower East Side club started by eccentric Hilly Kristal in 1973 which launched thousands of bands.
Cast: Alan Rickman, Rupert Grint, Malin Åkerman, Johnny Galecki, Stana Katic


Four Brothers: 2005 | R | 109 min | 6.757 rating
Four adopted brothers return to their Detroit hometown when their mother is murdered and vow to exact revenge on the killers.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Tyrese Gibson, André 3000, Garrett Hedlund, Terrence Howard


Doctor Zhivago: 1965 | PG-13 | 200 min | 7.533 rating
The life of a Russian physician and poet who, although married to another, falls in love with a political activist's wife and experiences hardship during World War I and then the October Revolution.
Cast: Omar Sharif, Julie Christie, Geraldine Chaplin, Rod Steiger, Alec Guinness


The Duke: 2021 | R | 96 min | 7.09 rating
In 1961, a 60-year-old taxi driver stole Goya’s portrait of the Duke of Wellington from the National Gallery in London.  It was the first (and remains the only) theft in the Gallery’s history.  What happened next became the stuff of legend.
Cast: Jim Broadbent, Helen Mirren, Fionn Whitehead, Matthew Goode, Aimee Kelly


Die Another Day: 2002 | PG-13 | 133 min | 5.976 rating
James Bond is sent to investigate the connection between a North Korean terrorist and a diamond mogul, who is funding the development of an international space weapon.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Halle Berry, Toby Stephens, Rosamund Pike, Rick Yune


Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events: 2004 | PG | 108 min | 6.8 rating
Three wealthy children's parents are killed in a fire. When they are sent to a distant relative, they find out that he is plotting to kill them and seize their fortune.
Cast: Emily Browning, Liam Aiken, Jim Carrey, Meryl Streep, Jude Law


Dolittle: 2020 | PG | 101 min | 6.63 rating
After losing his wife seven years earlier, the eccentric Dr. John Dolittle, famed doctor and veterinarian of Queen Victoria’s England, hermits himself away behind the high walls of Dolittle Manor with only his menagerie of exotic animals for company. But when the young queen falls gravely ill, a reluctant Dolittle is forced to set sail on an epic adventure to a mythical island in search of a cure, regaining his wit and courage as he crosses old adversaries and discovers wondrous creatures.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Antonio Banderas, Michael Sheen, Jim Broadbent, Jessie Buckley


Happy Feet: 2006 | PG | 108 min | 6.174 rating
Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce!
Cast: Elijah Wood, Robin Williams, Brittany Murphy, Hugh Jackman, Nicole Kidman


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze: 1991 | PG | 88 min | 6.1 rating
The Turtles and the Shredder battle once again, this time for the last cannister of the ooze that created the Turtles, which Shredder wants to create an army of new mutants.
Cast: Paige Turco, David Warner, Michelan Sisti, Leif Tilden, Kenn Scott


Dog: 2022 | PG-13 | 102 min | 7.351 rating
An army ranger and his dog embark on a road trip along the Pacific Coast Highway to attend a friend's funeral.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Aavi Haas, Ryder McLaughlin, Luke Forbes, Darren Keilan


Clear and Present Danger: 1994 | PG-13 | 141 min | 6.6 rating
CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Willem Dafoe, Anne Archer, Joaquim de Almeida, Henry Czerny


Irreversible: 2002 | NR | 98 min | 7.232 rating
A woman’s lover and her ex-boyfriend take justice into their own hands after she becomes the victim of a rapist. Because some acts can’t be undone. Because man is an animal. Because the desire for vengeance is a natural impulse. Because most crimes remain unpunished.
Cast: Monica Bellucci, Vincent Cassel, Albert Dupontel, Jo Prestia, Philippe Nahon


Freaky: 2020 | R | 102 min | 6.574 rating
A mystical, ancient dagger causes a notorious serial killer to magically switch bodies with a 17-year-old girl.
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Kathryn Newton, Celeste O'Connor, Misha Osherovich, Uriah Shelton


The Lion King 1½: 2004 | G | 77 min | 6.579 rating
Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog are best pals and the unsung heroes of the African savanna. This prequel to the smash Disney animated adventure takes you back -- way back -- before Simba's adventure began. You'll find out all about Timon and Pumbaa and tag along as they search for the perfect home and attempt to raise a rambunctious lion cub.
Cast: Nathan Lane, Ernie Sabella, Julie Kavner, Jerry Stiller, Matthew Broderick


Mortal Kombat: 1995 | PG-13 | 101 min | 5.8 rating
For nine generations an evil sorcerer has been victorious in hand-to-hand battle against his mortal enemies. If he wins a tenth Mortal Kombat tournament, desolation and evil will reign over the multiverse forever. To save Earth, three warriors must overcome seemingly insurmountable odds, their own inner demons, and superhuman foes in this action/adventure movie based on one of the most popular video games of all time.
Cast: Robin Shou, Linden Ashby, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Christophe Lambert, Bridgette Wilson-Sampras


Teen Titans Go! vs. Teen Titans: 2019 | PG | 76 min | 7.8 rating
The comedic modern-day quintet takes on their 2003 counterparts when villains from each of their worlds join forces to pit the two Titan teams against each other. They'll need to set aside their differences and work together to combat Trigon, Hexagon, Santa Claus (that's right, Santa!) and time itself in order to save the multiverse.
Cast: Greg Cipes, Scott Menville, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, Hynden Walch


Thunderball: 1965 | PG | 130 min | 6.657 rating
A criminal organization has obtained two nuclear bombs and are asking for a 100 million pound ransom in the form of diamonds in seven days or they will use the weapons. The secret service sends James Bond to the Bahamas to once again save the world.
Cast: Sean Connery, Claudine Auger, Adolfo Celi, Luciana Paluzzi, Rik Van Nutter


Sully: 2016 | PG-13 | 96 min | 7.182 rating
On 15 January 2009, the world witnessed the 'Miracle on the Hudson' when Captain 'Sully' Sullenberger glided his disabled plane onto the Hudson River, saving the lives of all 155 souls aboard. However, even as Sully was being heralded by the public and the media for his unprecedented feat of aviation skill, an investigation was unfolding that threatened to destroy his reputation and career.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Aaron Eckhart, Laura Linney, Anna Gunn, Autumn Reeser


Hell or High Water: 2016 | R | 102 min | 7.304 rating
A divorced dad and his ex-con brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's farm in West Texas.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Chris Pine, Ben Foster, Gil Birmingham, Marin Ireland


Meet the Parents: 2000 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.672 rating
Greg Focker is ready to marry his girlfriend, Pam, but before he pops the question, he must win over her formidable father, humorless former CIA agent Jack Byrnes, at the wedding of Pam's sister. As Greg bends over backward to make a good impression, his visit to the Byrnes home turns into a hilarious series of disasters, and everything that can go wrong does, all under Jack's critical, hawklike gaze.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Robert De Niro, Teri Polo, Blythe Danner, Nicole DeHuff


City Slickers: 1991 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.425 rating
Three New York businessmen decide to take a "Wild West" vacation that turns out not to be the relaxing vacation they had envisioned.
Cast: Billy Crystal, Daniel Stern, Bruno Kirby, Patricia Wettig, Helen Slater


The Killer: 2022 |  | 95 min | 7.849 rating
When retired hitman’s wife goes on vacation with her friend, she asks him to look after the friend's teenage daughter. Things go awry when he is forced to use a little violence to protect the girl from juvenile delinquents, but then they are found dead and the girl is kidnapped.
Cast: Jang Hyuk, Lee Seo-young, Bruce Khan, Bang Eun-jeong, Lee Seung-joon


Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones: 2002 | PG | 142 min | 6.6 rating
Following an assassination attempt on Senator Padmé Amidala, Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi investigate a mysterious plot that could change the galaxy forever.
Cast: Hayden Christensen, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee, Samuel L. Jackson


Snakes on a Plane: 2006 | R | 105 min | 5.43 rating
America is on the search for the murderer Eddie Kim. Sean Jones must fly to L.A. to testify in a hearing against Kim. Accompanied by FBI agent Neville Flynn, the flight receives some unexpected visitors.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Julianna Margulies, Nathan Phillips, Kenan Thompson, Rachel Blanchard


Eight Below: 2006 | PG | 120 min | 7 rating
In the Antarctic, after an expedition with Dr. Davis McClaren, the sled dog trainer Jerry Shepherd has to leave the polar base with his colleagues due to the proximity of a heavy snow storm. He ties his dogs to be rescued after, but the mission is called-off and the dogs are left alone at their own fortune. For six months, Jerry tries to find a sponsor for a rescue mission.
Cast: Paul Walker, Bruce Greenwood, Moon Bloodgood, Jason Biggs, Gerard Plunkett


Pan: 2015 | PG | 111 min | 6 rating
Living a bleak existence at a London orphanage, 12-year-old Peter finds himself whisked away to the fantastical world of Neverland. Adventure awaits as he meets new friend James Hook and the warrior Tiger Lily. They must band together to save Neverland from the ruthless pirate Blackbeard. Along the way, the rebellious and mischievous boy discovers his true destiny, becoming the hero forever known as Peter Pan.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Levi Miller, Garrett Hedlund, Rooney Mara, Adeel Akhtar


Young Frankenstein: 1974 | PG | 106 min | 7.899 rating
A young neurosurgeon inherits the castle of his grandfather, the famous Dr. Victor von Frankenstein. In the castle he finds a funny hunchback, a pretty lab assistant and the elderly housekeeper. Young Frankenstein believes that the work of his grandfather was delusional, but when he discovers the book where the mad doctor described his reanimation experiment, he suddenly changes his mind.
Cast: Gene Wilder, Teri Garr, Marty Feldman, Peter Boyle, Cloris Leachman


Margin Call: 2011 | R | 107 min | 6.843 rating
A thriller that revolves around the key people at an investment bank over a 24-hour period during the early stages of the financial crisis.
Cast: Kevin Spacey, Zachary Quinto, Simon Baker, Paul Bettany, Ashley Williams


Shaft: 2019 | R | 111 min | 6.551 rating
JJ, aka John Shaft Jr., may be a cyber security expert with a degree from MIT, but to uncover the truth behind his best friend’s untimely death, he needs an education only his dad can provide. Absent throughout JJ’s youth, the legendary locked-and-loaded John Shaft agrees to help his progeny navigate Harlem’s heroin-infested underbelly.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Jessie T. Usher, Regina Hall, Alexandra Shipp, Richard Roundtree


Luther: The Fallen Sun: 2023 | R | 129 min | 6.732 rating
A gruesome serial killer is terrorizing London while brilliant but disgraced detective John Luther sits behind bars. Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him, Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary.
Cast: Idris Elba, Cynthia Erivo, Andy Serkis, Dermot Crowley, Thomas Coombes


10 Things I Hate About You: 1999 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.584 rating
On the first day at his new school, Cameron instantly falls for Bianca, the gorgeous girl of his dreams. The only problem is that Bianca is forbidden to date until her ill-tempered, completely un-dateable older sister Kat goes out, too. In an attempt to solve his problem, Cameron singles out the only guy who could possibly be a match for Kat: a mysterious bad boy with a nasty reputation of his own.
Cast: Heath Ledger, Julia Stiles, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Larisa Oleynik, David Krumholtz


Olympus Has Fallen: 2013 | R | 120 min | 6.394 rating
When the White House (Secret Service Code: "Olympus") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the President is kidnapped, disgraced former Presidential guard Mike Banning finds himself trapped within the building. As the national security team scrambles to respond, they are forced to rely on Banning's inside knowledge to help retake the White House, save the President and avert an even bigger disaster.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Finley Jacobsen, Dylan McDermott, Rick Yune


AKA: 2023 |  | 122 min | 6.876 rating
A steely special ops agent finds his morality put to the test when he infiltrates a crime syndicate and unexpectedly bonds with the boss' young son.
Cast: Alban Lenoir, Éric Cantona, Thibault de Montalembert, Sveva Alviti, Saïdou Camara


Natural Born Killers: 1994 | R | 118 min | 7.065 rating
Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media.
Cast: Woody Harrelson, Juliette Lewis, Robert Downey Jr., Tommy Lee Jones, Tom Sizemore


Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark: 2019 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.498 rating
Mill Valley, Pennsylvania, Halloween night, 1968. After playing a joke on a school bully, Stella and her friends decide to sneak into a supposedly haunted house that once belonged to the powerful Bellows family, unleashing dark forces that they will be unable to control.
Cast: Zoe Colletti, Dean Norris, Michael Garza, Gabriel Rush, Gil Bellows


Gerald's Game: 2017 | NR | 104 min | 6.398 rating
When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie (who is handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house) faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice.
Cast: Carla Gugino, Bruce Greenwood, Henry Thomas, Chiara Aurelia, Kate Siegel


Brooklyn's Finest: 2010 | R | 133 min | 6.29 rating
Enforcing the law within the notoriously rough Brownsville section of the city and especially within the Van Dyke housing projects is the NYPD's sixty-fifth precinct. Three police officers struggle with the sometimes fine line between right and wrong.
Cast: Richard Gere, Don Cheadle, Ethan Hawke, Wesley Snipes, Vincent D'Onofrio


We Bare Bears: The Movie: 2020 | G | 69 min | 7.8 rating
When Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear's love of food trucks and viral videos get out of hand, the brothers are now chased away from their home and embark on a trip to Canada, where they can live in peace.
Cast: Eric Edelstein, Bobby Moynihan, Demetri Martin, Marc Evan Jackson, Keith Ferguson


Palm Springs: 2020 | R | 90 min | 7.338 rating
When carefree Nyles and reluctant maid of honor Sarah have a chance encounter at a Palm Springs wedding, things get complicated when they find themselves unable to escape the venue, themselves, or each other.
Cast: Andy Samberg, Cristin Milioti, J.K. Simmons, Peter Gallagher, Meredith Hagner


Antz: 1998 | PG | 83 min | 6.139 rating
A neurotic worker ant in love with a rebellious princess rises to unlikely stardom when he switches places with a soldier. Signing up to march in a parade, he ends up under the command of a bloodthirsty general. But he's actually been enlisted to fight against a termite army.
Cast: Woody Allen, Sharon Stone, Dan Aykroyd, Anne Bancroft, Danny Glover


Pokémon the Movie: Volcanion and the Mechanical Marvel: 2016 | G | 97 min | 6.7 rating
Ash meets the Mythical Pokémon Volcanion when it crashes down from the sky, creating a cloud of dust—and a mysterious force binds the two of them together! Volcanion despises humans and tries to get away, but it’s forced to drag Ash along as it continues its rescue mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt official has stolen the ultimate invention: the Artificial Pokémon Magearna, created 500 years ago. He plans to use its mysterious power to take control of this mechanical kingdom! Can Ash and Volcanion work together to rescue Magearna? One of the greatest battles in Pokémon history is about to unfold!
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Mayuki Makiguchi, Yuki Kaji, Mariya Ise


Jaws 3-D: 1983 | PG | 99 min | 4.444 rating
This third film in the series follows a group of marine biologists attempting to capture a young great white shark that has wandered into Florida's Sea World Park. However, later it is discovered that the shark's 35-foot mother is also a guest at Sea World. What follows is the shark wreaking havoc on the visitors in the park.
Cast: Dennis Quaid, Bess Armstrong, Simon MacCorkindale, Louis Gossett Jr., John Putch


Don't Worry Darling: 2022 | R | 123 min | 6.8 rating
Alice and Jack are lucky to be living in the idealized community of Victory, the experimental company town housing the men who work for the top-secret Victory Project and their families. But when cracks in their idyllic life begin to appear, exposing flashes of something much more sinister lurking beneath the attractive façade, Alice can’t help questioning exactly what they’re doing in Victory, and why.
Cast: Florence Pugh, Harry Styles, Chris Pine, Olivia Wilde, Gemma Chan


Promising Young Woman: 2020 |  | 114 min | 7.5 rating
A young woman, traumatized by a tragic event in her past, seeks out vengeance against those who crossed her path.
Cast: Carey Mulligan, Bo Burnham, Alison Brie, Clancy Brown, Jennifer Coolidge


Hyungsu: Forbidden Love: 2020 | NR | 71 min | 6 rating
Seok-hyun, the younger brother of Kyu-hyun, comes between Eun-jung and Kyu-hyun. Seok-hyun, an archer, demands money from his brother and sister-in-law. When they are not accepted, they are overwhelmed with anger. On the other hand, Eunjung secretly sees another man pulled into the house and enjoyed the meeting, and I got caught by Seokhyun. Hyung-su is caught in a big weakness Eventually, she lends money to Seok-hyun. After that day, Seok-hyun continued looking for his sister-in-law and demanding money, When the sister-in-law says that he has no money, he wants her body...
Cast: Han Seo-ah, Yeo Reum, Im Cho-hee, Min Do-yoon, Park Do-jin


The Mummy Returns: 2001 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.362 rating
Rick and Evelyn O’Connell, along with their 8-year-old son Alex, discover the key to the legendary Scorpion King’s might: the fabled Bracelet of Anubis. Unfortunately, a newly resurrected Imhotep has designs on the bracelet as well, and isn’t above kidnapping its new bearer, Alex, to gain control of Anubis’s otherworldly army.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, Dwayne Johnson, John Hannah, Arnold Vosloo


Bambi II: 2006 | G | 72 min | 6.475 rating
Return to the forest and join Bambi as he reunites with his father, The Great Prince, who must now raise the young fawn on his own. But in the adventure of a lifetime, the proud parent discovers there is much he can learn from his spirited young son.
Cast: Alexander Gould, Patrick Stewart, Brendon Baerg, Nicky Jones, Andrea Bowen


The Mistress: 2023 |  | 102 min | 4.8 rating
Newlyweds Parker and Madeline move into their dream home. As they settle in, they discover a box of old love letters written to the original owner. And as the couple digs into the increasingly obsessive correspondence, a mysterious woman arrives with a horrifying secret that threatens their lives.
Cast: John Magaro, Chasten Harmon, Kat Cunning, Aylya Marzolf, James Carpinello


SuperFly: 2018 | R | 107 min | 6.788 rating
Career criminal Youngblood Priest wants out of the Atlanta drug scene, but as he ramps up sales, one little slip up threatens to bring the whole operation down before he can make his exit.
Cast: Trevor Jackson, Jason Mitchell, Michael Kenneth Williams, Lex Scott Davis, Jennifer Morrison


Gretel & Hansel: 2020 | PG-13 | 87 min | 6 rating
A long time ago in a distant fairy tale countryside, a young girl leads her little brother into a dark wood in desperate search of food and work, only to stumble upon a nexus of terrifying evil.
Cast: Sophia Lillis, Samuel Leakey, Alice Krige, Jessica De Gouw, Charles Babalola


Catwoman: 2004 | PG-13 | 104 min | 4.593 rating
Liquidated after discovering a corporate conspiracy, mild-mannered graphic artist Patience Phillips washes up on an island, where she's resurrected and endowed with the prowess of a cat — and she's eager to use her new skills... as a vigilante. Before you can say "cat and mouse", handsome gumshoe Tom Lone is on her tail, fascinated by both of her personas.
Cast: Halle Berry, Benjamin Bratt, Sharon Stone, Lambert Wilson, Frances Conroy


The Finest Hours: 2016 | PG-13 | 117 min | 6.588 rating
The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952.
Cast: Chris Pine, Casey Affleck, Ben Foster, Eric Bana, Holliday Grainger


Cast Away: 2000 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.661 rating
Chuck Nolan, a top international manager for FedEx, and Kelly, a Ph.D. student, are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia crashes at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor, and finds himself marooned on a desolate island. With no way to escape, Chuck must find ways to survive in his new home.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Helen Hunt, Chris Noth, Paul Sanchez, Lari White


The Wailing: 2016 | NR | 156 min | 7.3 rating
A stranger arrives in a little village and soon after a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman is drawn into the incident and is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter.
Cast: Kwak Do-won, Hwang Jung-min, Chun Woo-hee, Jun Kunimura, Kim Hwan-hee


Stillwater: 2021 | R | 139 min | 6.674 rating
Bill Baker, an American oil-rig roughneck from Oklahoma, travels to Marseille to visit his estranged daughter, Allison, who is in prison for a murder she claims she did not commit. Confronted with language barriers, cultural differences, and a complicated legal system, Bill builds a new life for himself in France as he makes it his personal mission to exonerate his daughter.
Cast: Matt Damon, Camille Cottin, Abigail Breslin, Lilou Siauvaud, Deanna Dunagan


The Independent: 2022 |  | 108 min | 7 rating
It's the final weeks of the most consequential presidential election in history. America is poised to elect either its first female president or its first viable independent candidate. Reporting history as it's made, an idealistic young journalist teams up with her idol, legendary journalist Nick Booker, to uncover a conspiracy that places the fate of the election, and the country, in their hands.
Cast: Jodie Turner-Smith, Brian Cox, Ali Marsh, Luke Kirby, John Cena


Vivo: 2021 | PG | 103 min | 7.359 rating
A music-loving kinkajou named Vivo embarks on the journey of a lifetime to fulfill his destiny and deliver a love song for an old friend.
Cast: Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ynairaly Simo, Zoe Saldaña, Juan de Marcos González, Brian Tyree Henry


Police Story 3: Super Cop: 1992 | R | 95 min | 6.8 rating
A Hong Kong detective teams up with his female Red Chinese counterpart to stop a Chinese drug czar.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Michelle Yeoh, Maggie Cheung, Kenneth Tsang, Yuen Wah


Big Stan: 2007 | R | 109 min | 6.523 rating
A weak con man panics when he learns he's going to prison for fraud. He hires a mysterious martial arts guru who helps transform him into a martial arts expert who can fight off inmates who want to hurt or love him.
Cast: Rob Schneider, Marcia Wallace, Richard Riehle, Sally Kirkland, Richard Kind


Jai Lava Kusa: 2017 | NR | 150 min | 6.7 rating
Jai, Lava and Kusa are triplets who get separated during their childhood because of small clashes. While Jai becomes an evil blooded criminal, the other two, Kusa and Lava end up as small-time crook and bank manager respectively. The twist in the tale arises when Jai kidnaps both the brothers and asks them to help him in his political growth. What is Jai’s agenda? Why did he kidnap his brothers? How can the innocent Lava and Kusa manage the criminal Jai?
Cast: N.T. Rama Rao Jr., Nivetha Thomas, Raashii Khanna, Ronit Roy, Hamsa Nandini


The Mill: 2023 | R | 106 min | 6.3 rating
A businessman wakes up beside an ancient grist mill situated in the center of an open-air prison cell with no idea how he got there. Forced to work as a beast of burden to stay alive, he must find a way to escape before the birth of his child.
Cast: Lil Rel Howery, Pat Healy, Karen Obilom, Patrick Fischler, Getchie Argetsinger


Invictus: 2009 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.194 rating
Newly elected President Nelson Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's rugby team as they make their historic run to the 1995 Rugby World Cup Championship match.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Matt Damon, Tony Kgoroge, Patrick Mofokeng, Matt Stern


Blade of the 47 Ronin: 2022 | R | 106 min | 6.577 rating
In this sequel to "47 Ronin," a new class of warriors emerges among the Samurai clans to keep a sought-after sword from falling into the wrong hands.
Cast: Anna Akana, Mark Dacascos, Teresa Ting, Dustin Nguyen, Dan Southworth


George of the Jungle: 1997 | PG | 92 min | 5.597 rating
Deep in the African jungle, a baby named George, the sole survivor of a plane crash, is raised by gorillas. George grows up to be a buff and lovable klutz who has a rain forest full of animal friends: Tookie, his big-beaked toucan messenger; Ape, a witty talking gorilla; and Shep, a peanut-loving pooch of an elephant. But when poachers mess with George's pals, the King Of Swing swings into action.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Leslie Mann, Thomas Haden Church, John Cleese, Richard Roundtree


Final Score: 2018 | R | 105 min | 6.081 rating
When a stadium is seized by a group of heavily armed criminals during a major sporting event, an ex-soldier must use all his military skills to save both the daughter of a fallen comrade and the huge crowd unaware of the danger.
Cast: Dave Bautista, Pierce Brosnan, Ray Stevenson, Amit Shah, Lara Peake


Kung Fu Hustle: 2004 | R | 99 min | 7.422 rating
It's the 1940s, and the notorious Axe Gang terrorizes Shanghai. Small-time criminals Sing and Bone hope to join, but they only manage to make lots of very dangerous enemies. Fortunately for them, kung fu masters and hidden strength can be found in unlikely places. Now they just have to take on the entire Axe Gang.
Cast: Stephen Chow, Yuen Wah, Yuen Qiu, Lam Tze-chung, Bruce Leung


The Counselor: 2013 | R | 117 min | 5.27 rating
A lawyer finds himself in far over his head when he attempts to get involved in drug trafficking.
Cast: Michael Fassbender, Penélope Cruz, Cameron Diaz, Javier Bardem, Brad Pitt


Escape from the Planet of the Apes: 1971 | G | 98 min | 6.3 rating
The world is shocked by the appearance of three talking chimpanzees, who arrived mysteriously in a spacecraft. Intrigued by their intelligence, humans use them for research - until the apes attempt to escape.
Cast: Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman, Natalie Trundy, Eric Braeden


The Lighthouse: 2019 | R | 109 min | 7.5 rating
Two lighthouse keepers try to maintain their sanity while living on a remote and mysterious New England island in the 1890s.
Cast: Robert Pattinson, Willem Dafoe, Valeriia Karaman, Logan Hawkes, Kyla Nicolle


Fatman: 2020 | R | 100 min | 5.524 rating
A rowdy, unorthodox Santa Claus is fighting to save his declining business. Meanwhile, Billy, a neglected and precocious 12 year old, hires a hit man to kill Santa after receiving a lump of coal in his stocking.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Walton Goggins, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Chance Hurstfield, Susanne Sutchy


Goblin Slayer -Goblin's Crown-: 2020 | NR | 86 min | 7.414 rating
Goblin Slayer and his party head up to the snowy mountains in the north after receiving that request from the Sword Maiden to find any information on the Noble Fencer that disappeared after leaving to slay some goblins. A small village gets attacked, they encounter a mysterious chapel, and something about how these goblins are acting bothers the Goblin slayer.  In order to save the captured Noble Fencer, the Goblin Slayer and his party head to an ancient fortress covered in snow to face off with a powerful foe and a horde of goblins!
Cast: Yuuichirou Umehara, Yui Ogura, Nao Toyama, Yuichi Nakamura, Tomokazu Sugita


Holy Shit!: 2022 |  | 90 min | 5.82 rating
An architect regains consciousness in a locked portaloo – known in German vernacular by the ‘Dixi’ brand name – on a building site where a detonation is being prepared. As he desperately tries to find ways of escaping this ‘prison’ before potentially being blown to smithereens, he realizes who has put him into this predicament. Now he has to do everything in his power to get out alive…
Cast: Thomas Niehaus, Gedeon Burkhard, Olga von Luckwald, Rodney Charles, Friederike Kempter


Lady and the Tramp: 1955 | G | 76 min | 7.103 rating
Lady, a golden cocker spaniel, meets up with a mongrel dog who calls himself the Tramp. He is obviously from the wrong side of town, but happenings at Lady's home make her decide to travel with him for a while.
Cast: Barbara Luddy, Larry Roberts, Peggy Lee, Bill Thompson, Bill Baucom


SpongeBob SquarePants Presents The Tidal Zone: 2023 |  | 45 min | 7 rating
GrandPat travels through alternate dimensions and timelines to get home.
Cast: Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence


The Trapped 13: How We Survived The Thai Cave: 2022 |  | 102 min | 6.8 rating
In this compelling documentary, members of the Thai youth soccer team tell their stories of getting trapped in Tham Luang Cave in 2018 — and surviving.
Cast: Ekapol Chanthawong, Ei Khan, Panumas Sangdee, Chanin Vibulrungruang, June Yoon


Miraculous World: Shanghai – The Legend of Ladydragon: 2021 | NR | 54 min | 7.891 rating
On school break, Marinette heads to Shanghai to meet Adrien. But after arriving, Marinette loses all her stuff, including the Miraculous that allows her to turn into Ladybug!
Cast: Annouck Hautbois, Benjamin Bollen, Geneviève Doang, Antoine Tomé, Marie Chevalot


Collateral Damage: 2002 | R | 108 min | 5.749 rating
Firefighter Gordon Brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to Claudio 'The Wolf' Perrini.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Francesca Neri, Elias Koteas, Cliff Curtis, John Leguizamo


Legally Blonde: 2001 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.751 rating
Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school, but while there, she figures out that there is more to herself than just looks.
Cast: Reese Witherspoon, Luke Wilson, Matthew Davis, Selma Blair, Victor Garber


Addams Family Values: 1993 | PG-13 | 94 min | 6.949 rating
Siblings Wednesday and Pugsley Addams will stop at nothing to get rid of Pubert, the new baby boy adored by parents Gomez and Morticia. Things go from bad to worse when the new "black widow" nanny, Debbie Jellinsky, launches her plan to add Fester to her collection of dead husbands.
Cast: Joan Cusack, Raúl Juliá, Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Anjelica Huston


District 9: 2009 | R | 112 min | 7.429 rating
Thirty years ago, aliens arrive on Earth. Not to conquer or give aid, but to find refuge from their dying planet. Separated from humans in a South African area called District 9, the aliens are managed by Multi-National United, which is unconcerned with the aliens' welfare but will do anything to master their advanced technology. When a company field agent contracts a mysterious virus that begins to alter his DNA, there is only one place he can hide: District 9.
Cast: Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope, Nathalie Boltt, Sylvaine Strike, Elizabeth Mkandawie


The Matrix Revolutions: 2003 | R | 129 min | 6.715 rating
The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Jada Pinkett Smith


First Man: 2018 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.048 rating
A look at the life of the astronaut, Neil Armstrong, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969.
Cast: Ryan Gosling, Claire Foy, Jason Clarke, Kyle Chandler, Corey Stoll


Nine Lives: 2016 | PG | 87 min | 5.739 rating
A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat.
Cast: Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Garner, Robbie Amell, Cheryl Hines, Mark Consuelos


Letters from Iwo Jima: 2006 | R | 141 min | 7.459 rating
The story of the battle of Iwo Jima between the United States and Imperial Japan during World War II, as told from the perspective of the Japanese who fought it.
Cast: Ken Watanabe, Kazunari Ninomiya, Tsuyoshi Ihara, Ryo Kase, Shido Nakamura


The Great Dictator: 1940 | NR | 125 min | 8.334 rating
Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
Cast: Charlie Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Jack Oakie, Reginald Gardiner, Henry Daniell


Beautiful Boy: 2018 | R | 121 min | 7.6 rating
After he and his first wife separate, journalist David Sheff struggles to help their teenage son, who goes from experimenting with drugs to becoming devastatingly addicted to methamphetamine.
Cast: Steve Carell, Timothée Chalamet, Maura Tierney, Amy Ryan, Christian Convery


Bound: 1996 | R | 105 min | 7.155 rating
Corky, a tough female ex-convict working on an apartment renovation in a Chicago building, meets a couple living next door, Caesar, a paranoid mobster, and Violet, his seductive girlfriend, who is immediately attracted to her.
Cast: Jennifer Tilly, Gina Gershon, Joe Pantoliano, John P. Ryan, Christopher Meloni


Oliver & Company: 1988 | G | 77 min | 6.7 rating
This animated take on Oliver Twist re-imagines Oliver as an adorable orphaned kitten who struggles to survive in New York City and falls in with a band of canine criminals led by an evil human. First, Oliver meets Dodger, a carefree mutt with street savoir faire. But when Oliver meets wealthy Jenny on one of the gang's thieving missions, his life changes forever.
Cast: Joey Lawrence, Billy Joel, Cheech Marin, Richard Mulligan, Roscoe Lee Browne


Final Destination: 2000 | R | 98 min | 6.588 rating
After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one.
Cast: Devon Sawa, Ali Larter, Kerr Smith, Kristen Cloke, Seann William Scott


Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2: 2013 | PG | 95 min | 6.438 rating
After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world.
Cast: Bill Hader, Anna Faris, James Caan, Will Forte, Andy Samberg


Payback: 1999 | R | 100 min | 6.842 rating
With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Gregg Henry, Maria Bello, David Paymer, Bill Duke


The One and Only Ivan: 2020 | PG | 93 min | 7.439 rating
A gorilla named Ivan who’s living in a suburban shopping mall tries to piece together his past, with the help of other animals, as they hatch a plan to escape from captivity.
Cast: Bryan Cranston, Sam Rockwell, Angelina Jolie, Danny DeVito, Helen Mirren


God's Not Dead: A Light in Darkness: 2018 | PG | 105 min | 6.7 rating
Pastor Dave responds to the unimaginable tragedy of having his church, located on the grounds of the local university, burned down.
Cast: David A.R. White, John Corbett, Jennifer Taylor, Benjamin Ochieng, Tatum O'Neal


Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates: 2016 | R | 98 min | 6.064 rating
Mike and Dave are young, adventurous, fun-loving brothers who tend to get out of control at family gatherings. When their sister Jeanie reveals her Hawaiian wedding plans, the rest of the Stangles insist that the brothers bring respectable dates. After placing an ad on Craigslist, the siblings decide to pick Tatiana and Alice, two charming and seemingly normal women. Once they arrive on the island, however, Mike and Dave realize that their companions are ready to get wild and party.
Cast: Zac Efron, Adam Devine, Anna Kendrick, Aubrey Plaza, Sam Richardson


Senior Year: 2022 | R | 112 min | 6 rating
A thirty-seven-year-old woman wakes up from a twenty-year coma and returns to the high school where she was once a popular cheerleader to finish her senior year and become prom queen.
Cast: Rebel Wilson, Angourie Rice, Sam Richardson, Zoe Chao, Mary Holland


Iron Sky: 2012 |  | 93 min | 5.7 rating
In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers.
Cast: Julia Dietze, Christopher Kirby, Götz Otto, Udo Kier, Peta Sergeant


Creation of the Gods I: Kingdom of Storms: 2023 |  | 148 min | 7.3 rating
Based on the most well-known classical fantasy novel of China, Fengshenyanyi, the trilogy is a magnificent eastern high fantasy epic that recreates the prolonged mythical wars between humans, immortals and monsters, which happened more than three thousand years ago.
Cast: Kris Phillips, Li Xuejian, Huang Bo, Yu Shi, Chen Muchi


Black Water: Abyss: 2020 | NR | 98 min | 5.2 rating
An adventure-loving couple convince their friends to explore a remote, uncharted cave system in the forests of Northern Australia. With a tropical storm approaching, they abseil into the mouth of the cave, but when the caves start to flood, tensions rise as oxygen levels fall and the friends find themselves trapped. Unknown to them, the storm has also brought in a pack of dangerous and hungry crocodiles.
Cast: Jessica McNamee, Luke Mitchell, Amali Golden, Benjamin Hoetjes, Anthony J. Sharpe


Paranormal Activity: Next of Kin: 2021 | R | 98 min | 6.149 rating
Margot, a documentary filmmaker, heads to a secluded Amish community in the hopes of learning about her long-lost mother and extended family. Following a string of strange occurrences and discoveries, she comes to realize this community may not be what it seems.
Cast: Emily Bader, Ari Notartomaso, Alexa Shae Niziak, Dan Lippert, Kyli Zion


Legend: 2015 | R | 132 min | 7.032 rating
Suave, charming and volatile, Reggie Kray and his unstable twin brother Ronnie start to leave their mark on the London underworld in the 1960s. Using violence to get what they want, the siblings orchestrate robberies and murders while running nightclubs and protection rackets. With police Detective Leonard "Nipper" Read hot on their heels, the brothers continue their rapid rise to power and achieve tabloid notoriety.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Emily Browning, Christopher Eccleston, David Thewlis, Taron Egerton


Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: 1998 | R | 118 min | 7.217 rating
Raoul Duke and his attorney Dr. Gonzo drive a red convertible across the Mojave desert to Las Vegas with a suitcase full of drugs to cover a motorcycle race. As their consumption of drugs increases at an alarming rate, the stoned duo trash their hotel room and fear legal repercussions. Duke begins to drive back to L.A., but after an odd run-in with a cop, he returns to Sin City and continues his wild drug binge.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Benicio del Toro, Tobey Maguire, Michael Lee Gogin, Larry Cedar


The Da Vinci Code: 2006 | PG-13 | 149 min | 6.724 rating
A murder in Paris’ Louvre Museum and cryptic clues in some of Leonardo da Vinci’s most famous paintings lead to the discovery of a religious mystery. For 2,000 years a secret society closely guards information that — should it come to light — could rock the very foundations of Christianity.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou, Ian McKellen, Jean Reno, Paul Bettany


13 Going on 30: 2004 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.739 rating
After total humiliation at her thirteenth birthday party, Jenna Rink wants to just hide until she's thirty. With a little magic, her wish is granted, but it turns out that being thirty isn't as always as awesome as she thought it would be!
Cast: Jennifer Garner, Mark Ruffalo, Judy Greer, Andy Serkis, Christa B. Allen


Miss Sloane: 2016 | R | 133 min | 7.459 rating
An ambitious lobbyist faces off against the powerful gun lobby in an attempt to pass gun control legislation.
Cast: Jessica Chastain, Mark Strong, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Alison Pill, Michael Stuhlbarg


As Above, So Below: 2014 | R | 93 min | 6.667 rating
When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead.
Cast: Perdita Weeks, Ben Feldman, Edwin Hodge, François Civil, Marion Lambert


The Valet: 2022 | PG-13 | 124 min | 7.585 rating
World famous movie star Olivia faces a PR disaster when a paparazzi snaps a photo of her with her married lover, Vincent. The hard-working valet Antonio accidentally appears in the same photo and is enlisted to pose as Olivia’s new boyfriend as a cover-up. This ruse with Olivia thrusts Antonio into the spotlight and unexpected chaos.
Cast: Eugenio Derbez, Samara Weaving, Max Greenfield, Betsy Brandt, Marisol Nichols


The Game Plan: 2007 | PG | 110 min | 6.484 rating
Bachelor football star Joe Kingman seems to have it all. He is wealthy and carefree, and his team is on the way to capturing a championship. Suddenly, he is tackled by some unexpected news: He has a young daughter, the result of a last fling with his ex-wife. Joe must learn to balance his personal and professional lives with the needs of his child.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Madison Pettis, Kyra Sedgwick, Roselyn Sánchez, Morris Chestnut


The Croods: 2013 | PG | 98 min | 6.914 rating
The prehistoric Croods family live in a particularly dangerous moment in time. Patriarch Grug, his mate Ugga, teenage daughter Eep, son Thunk, and feisty Gran gather food by day and huddle together in a cave at night. When a more evolved caveman named Guy arrives on the scene, Grug is distrustful, but it soon becomes apparent that Guy is correct about the impending destruction of their world.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Catherine Keener, Cloris Leachman


Marlowe: 2023 | R | 109 min | 5.9 rating
Private detective Philip Marlowe becomes embroiled in an investigation involving a wealthy Californian family after a beautiful blonde hires him to track down her former lover.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Diane Kruger, Jessica Lange, Danny Huston, Alan Cumming


Miraculous World: New York, United HeroeZ: 2020 | PG | 62 min | 8.147 rating
Teen Parisian superheroes Ladybug and Chat Noir visit New York on a field trip and discover that superheroes exist in the United States too.
Cast: Annouck Hautbois, Benjamin Bollen, Antoine Tomé, Fanny Bloc, Thierry Kazazian


Johnny English Strikes Again: 2018 | PG | 89 min | 6.266 rating
Disaster strikes when a criminal mastermind reveals the identities of all active undercover agents in Britain. The secret service can now rely on only one man - Johnny English. Currently teaching at a minor prep school, Johnny springs back into action to find the mysterious hacker. For this mission to succeed, he’ll need all of his skills - what few he has - as the man with yesterday’s analogue methods faces off against tomorrow’s digital technology.
Cast: Rowan Atkinson, Emma Thompson, Olga Kurylenko, Ben Miller, Adam Greaves-Neal


Star Trek Into Darkness: 2013 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.329 rating
When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home, they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for, leaving our world in a state of crisis.  With a personal score to settle, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death, love will be challenged, friendships will be torn apart, and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew.
Cast: Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Benedict Cumberbatch, Zoe Saldaña, Simon Pegg


Ocean's Twelve: 2004 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.566 rating
Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in carrying out three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam – but a Europol agent is hot on their heels.
Cast: George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Andy García


tick, tick... BOOM!: 2021 | PG-13 | 120 min | 7.704 rating
On the cusp of his 30th birthday, Jonathon Larson, a promising young theater composer, navigates love, friendship, and the pressures of life as an artist in New York City.
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Alexandra Shipp, Robin de Jesús, Vanessa Hudgens, Joshua Henry


1922: 2017 |  | 102 min | 5.935 rating
A simple yet proud rancher conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to participate.
Cast: Thomas Jane, Molly Parker, Dylan Schmid, Kaitlyn Bernard, Neal McDonough


Concrete Utopia: 2023 | PG-13 | 130 min | 7.138 rating
The world has been reduced to rubble by a massive earthquake. While no one knows for sure how far the ruins stretch, or what the cause of the earthquake may be, in the heart of Seoul there is only one apartment building left standing. It is called Hwang Gung Apartments. As time passes, outsiders start coming in to Hwang Gung Apartments trying to escape the extreme cold. Before long, the apartment residents are unable to cope with the increasing numbers. Feeling a threat to their very survival, the residents enact a special measure.
Cast: Lee Byung-hun, Park Seo-jun, Park Bo-young, Kim Sun-young, Park Ji-hu


Child's Play: 1988 | R | 87 min | 6.7 rating
A single mother gives her son a beloved doll for his birthday, only to discover that it is possessed by the soul of a serial killer.
Cast: Catherine Hicks, Chris Sarandon, Alex Vincent, Brad Dourif, Dinah Manoff


Sailor Moon S the Movie: Hearts in Ice: 1994 |  | 60 min | 7.748 rating
As Usagi and her friends enjoy Christmas vacation, an unusual and fierce snowstorm hits town... The evil Snow Queen Kaguya has returned to claim Earth as her own. Crucial to Queen Kaguya's plan is a magical crystal from outer space, approaching Earth disguised as a comet. Once she gets hold of the crystal, she will have the power to suck away all life energy and cover the Earth in ice. Will Sailor Moon find the crystal before Queen Kaguya? Will her powers be enough to save the Earth from permanent winter? All hope lies with the Legendary Ultimate Scout Power!
Cast: Kotono Mitsuishi, Aya Hisakawa, Michie Tomizawa, Emi Shinohara, Rica Fukami


Army of Darkness: 1992 | R | 81 min | 7.257 rating
Ash, a handsome, shotgun-toting, chainsaw-armed department store clerk, is time warped backwards into England's Dark Ages, where he romances a beauty and faces legions of the undead.
Cast: Bruce Campbell, Embeth Davidtz, Marcus Gilbert, Ian Abercrombie, Richard Grove


Piranha: 1978 | R | 94 min | 5.906 rating
When flesh-eating piranhas are accidently released into a summer resort's rivers, the guests become their next meal.
Cast: Bradford Dillman, Heather Menzies, Kevin McCarthy, Keenan Wynn, Dick Miller


Cinderella II: Dreams Come True: 2002 | G | 74 min | 6.1 rating
As a newly crowned princess, Cinderella quickly learns that life at the Palace - and her royal responsibilities - are more challenging than she had imagined. In three heartwarming tales, Cinderella calls on her animal friends and her Fairy Godmother to help as she brings her own grace and charm to her regal role and discovers that being true to yourself is the best way to make your dreams come true.
Cast: Jennifer Hale, Rob Paulsen, Corey Burton, Andre Stojka, Russi Taylor


Rocky Balboa: 2006 | PG | 101 min | 6.9 rating
His Wife is dead and his Son hates him, but this old man still has fight in him!  When he loses a highly publicized virtual boxing match to ex-champ Rocky Balboa, reigning heavyweight titleholder Mason Dixon retaliates by challenging Rocky to a nationally televised, 10-round exhibition bout. To the surprise of his son and friends, Rocky agrees to come out of retirement and face an opponent who's faster, stronger, and thirty years his junior.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Burt Young, Antonio Tarver, Geraldine Hughes, Milo Ventimiglia


Open Range: 2003 | R | 139 min | 7.186 rating
A former gunslinger is forced to take up arms again when he and his cattle crew are threatened by a corrupt lawman.
Cast: Kevin Costner, Robert Duvall, Michael Gambon, Michael Jeter, Diego Luna


Indecent Proposal: 1993 | R | 117 min | 6.327 rating
John Gage offers a down-on-his-luck yuppie husband $1 million for the opportunity to spend the night with the man's wife.
Cast: Robert Redford, Demi Moore, Woody Harrelson, Seymour Cassel, Oliver Platt


We Can Be Heroes: 2020 | PG | 97 min | 6.1 rating
When alien invaders capture Earth's superheroes, their kids must learn to work together to save their parents - and the planet.
Cast: YaYa Gosselin, Lyon Daniels, Andy Walken, Hala Finley, Lotus Blossom


The Curse of La Llorona: 2019 | R | 93 min | 5.694 rating
A social worker dealing with the disappearance of two children fears for her own family after beginning the investigation.
Cast: Linda Cardellini, Raymond Cruz, Patricia Velásquez, Roman Christou, Jaynee-Lynne Kinchen


Hall Pass: 2011 | R | 105 min | 5.675 rating
When best buds Rick and Fred begin to show signs of restlessness at home, their wives take a bold approach to revitalize their marriages, they grant the guys a 'hall pass'—one week of freedom to do whatever they want. At first, it seems like a dream come true, but they quickly discover that their expectations of the single life—and themselves—are completely and hilariously out of sync with reality.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Jason Sudeikis, Jenna Fischer, Christina Applegate, Nicky Whelan


His Only Son: 2023 | PG-13 | 104 min | 5.682 rating
By God's order, Abraham was commanded to sacrifice his son Isaac on the mountain of Moriah. While traveling to the place of the sacrifice, alongside Isaac and two servants, Abraham is flooded with vivid memories from the years he and Sarah spent longing for the son they were promised—the son he must now lay upon the altar.
Cast: Nicola Mouawad, Sara Seyed, Scot Cooper, Luis Fernandez-Gil, Orestes Sophocleous


The Protector: 2005 | R | 111 min | 7.103 rating
A young fighter named Kham must go to Australia to retrieve his stolen elephant. With the help of a Thai-born Australian detective, Kham must take on all comers, including a gang led by an evil woman and her two deadly bodyguards.
Cast: Tony Jaa, Petchtai Wongkamlao, Bongkoj Khongmalai, Jin Xing, Nathan Jones


Friends with Benefits: 2011 | R | 109 min | 6.649 rating
Dylan and Jamie think it's going to be easy to add the simple act of sex to their friendship, despite what Hollywood romantic comedies would have them believe. They soon discover however that getting physical really does always lead to complications.
Cast: Justin Timberlake, Mila Kunis, Jenna Elfman, Patricia Clarkson, Woody Harrelson


Polite Society: 2023 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.4 rating
Martial artist-in-training Ria Khan believes she must save her older sister Lena from her impending marriage. After enlisting the help of her friends, Ria attempts to pull off the most ambitious of all wedding heists in the name of independence and sisterhood.
Cast: Priya Kansara, Ritu Arya, Shobu Kapoor, Ella Bruccoleri, Seraphina Beh


The Cabin in the Woods: 2012 | R | 95 min | 6.607 rating
Five friends go for a break at a remote cabin, where they get more than they bargained for, discovering the truth behind the cabin in the woods.
Cast: Kristen Connolly, Fran Kranz, Jesse Williams, Anna Hutchison, Chris Hemsworth


Shattered: 2022 | R | 92 min | 5.7 rating
Chris, a wealthy divorcee, lives in a high-tech house of his own design in Montana. His life changes when he meets Sky, a mysterious young woman who draws him out of his shell and moves in after Chris is injured.
Cast: Cameron Monaghan, Lilly Krug, Frank Grillo, Sasha Luss, John Malkovich


sex, lies, and videotape: 1989 | R | 101 min | 6.946 rating
Ann, a frustrated wife, enters into counseling due to a troubled marriage. Unbeknownst to her, her husband John has begun an affair with her sister. When John’s best friend Graham arrives, his penchant for interviewing women about their sex lives forever changes John and Ann’s rocky marriage.
Cast: Andie MacDowell, Peter Gallagher, James Spader, Laura San Giacomo, Ron Vawter


Shortbus: 2006 | NR | 101 min | 6.336 rating
A group of New Yorkers caught up in their romantic/sexual milieu converge at Shortbus, an underground Brooklyn salon infamous for its blend of art, music, politics, and carnality, and loosely inspired by various underground NYC gatherings that took place in the early 2000s. Here, gay couple Jamie and James meet Ceth, a young ex-model and aspiring singer.
Cast: Paul Dawson, Lindsay Beamish, Adam Hardman, Sook-Yin Lee, Raphael Barker


London Has Fallen: 2016 | R | 99 min | 6.184 rating
In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning discovers a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Angela Bassett, Morgan Freeman, Melissa Leo


Silent Hill: 2006 | R | 125 min | 6.55 rating
Rose, a desperate mother takes her adopted daughter, Sharon, to the town of Silent Hill in an attempt to cure her of her ailment. After a violent car crash, Sharon disappears and Rose begins a desperate search to get her back. She descends into the center of the twisted reality of a town's terrible secret. Pursued by grotesquely deformed creatures and townspeople stuck in permanent purgatory, Rose begins to uncover the truth behind the apocalyptic disaster that burned the town 30 years earlier.
Cast: Radha Mitchell, Sean Bean, Jodelle Ferland, Laurie Holden, Deborah Kara Unger


Leap Year: 2010 | PG | 100 min | 6.89 rating
When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love.
Cast: Amy Adams, Matthew Goode, Adam Scott, John Lithgow, Noel O'Donovan


Due Date: 2010 | R | 95 min | 6.356 rating
Peter Highman must scramble across the US in five days to be present for the birth of his first child. He gets off to a bad start when his wallet and luggage are stolen, and put on the 'no-fly' list. Peter embarks on a terrifying journey when he accepts a ride from an actor.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Zach Galifianakis, Michelle Monaghan, Jamie Foxx, Juliette Lewis


Anaconda 3: Offspring: 2008 |  | 91 min | 4.7 rating
Cancer-terminal tycoon Peter Murdoch's secret Wexel Hall Pharmaceuticals lab has developed a blood orchid extract cure. To examine why it works optimally in snakes, they also bread a super-anaconda strain. But the original pair escapes, leaving a bloody trail of human corpses. Murdoch runs, instructing his staff to clean up. They keep failing and being eaten like unsuspecting locals, some alive, even after enlisting ruthless big game hunter Hammett. The fast-growing pregnant monster sheds its skin, thus disabling the only tracking device they have.
Cast: David Hasselhoff, Crystal Allen, John Rhys-Davies, Ryan McCluskey, Patrick Regis


Braveheart: 1995 | R | 177 min | 7.936 rating
Enraged at the slaughter of Murron, his new bride and childhood love, Scottish warrior William Wallace slays a platoon of the local English lord's soldiers. This leads the village to revolt and, eventually, the entire country to rise up against English rule.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Catherine McCormack, Sophie Marceau, Patrick McGoohan, Angus Macfadyen


Detroit: 2017 | R | 143 min | 7.312 rating
A police raid in Detroit in 1967 results in one of the largest citizens' uprisings in the history of the United States.
Cast: John Boyega, Will Poulter, Anthony Mackie, Algee Smith, Hannah Murray


Surviving Christmas: 2004 | PG-13 | 91 min | 5.699 rating
Drew Latham is an executive leading an empty, shallow life with only wealth on his side. Facing another lonely Christmas ahead, he revisits his old childhood home in the hope of reliving some old holiday memories – but he finds that the house in which he was raised is no longer the home in which he grew up.
Cast: Ben Affleck, James Gandolfini, Christina Applegate, Catherine O'Hara, Josh Zuckerman


Thanatomorphose: 2012 | NR | 100 min | 5.587 rating
Bruised from a night of rough sex, a young woman is shocked to find that her body, rather than healing itself, has inexplicably begun to rot. Swept up in the strange sensual experiences brought on by her slowly decaying form, she tries desperately to cling to her new existence — even as the putrid meat sack that was once her young body begins to literally fall off her bones...
Cast: Émile Beaudry, Eryka Cantieri, Roch-Denis Gagnon, Simon Laperrière, Pat Lemaire


RE:BORN: 2016 | NR | 101 min | 7.067 rating
A legend covert soldier with a mysterious past decides to unleash once again his beast within to stand up for what he cares about.
Cast: Tak Sakaguchi, Yura Kondo, Takumi Saitoh, Hitomi Hasebe, Mariko Shinoda


The Next Three Days: 2010 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.074 rating
A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of murdering her boss. Her husband John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. When the strain of being separated from her husband and son gets to her, John decides to find a way to break her out.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Elizabeth Banks, Brian Dennehy, RZA, Moran Atias


Spy Hard: 1996 | PG-13 | 81 min | 5.365 rating
The evil Gen. Rancor has his sights set on world domination, and only one man can stop him: Dick Steele, also known as Agent WD-40. Rancor needs to obtain a computer circuit for the missile that he is planning to fire, so Steele teams up with Veronique Ukrinsky, a KGB agent whose father designed the chip. Together they try to locate the evil mastermind's headquarters, where Veronique's father and several other hostages are being held.
Cast: Leslie Nielsen, Nicollette Sheridan, Charles Durning, Marcia Gay Harden, Barry Bostwick


Batman: Year One: 2011 | PG-13 | 64 min | 7.283 rating
A wealthy playboy named Bruce Wayne and a Chicago cop named Jim Gordon both return to Gotham City where their lives unexpectedly intersect.
Cast: Ben McKenzie, Bryan Cranston, Eliza Dushku, Jon Polito, Alex Rocco


Jacob's Ladder: 1990 | R | 113 min | 7.363 rating
After returning home from the Vietnam War, veteran Jacob Singer struggles to maintain his sanity. Plagued by hallucinations and flashbacks, Singer rapidly falls apart as the world and people around him morph and twist into disturbing images. His girlfriend, Jezzie, and ex-wife, Sarah, try to help, but to little avail. Even Singer's chiropractor friend, Louis, fails to reach him as he descends into madness.
Cast: Tim Robbins, Elizabeth Peña, Danny Aiello, Matt Craven, Pruitt Taylor Vince


The Town: 2010 | R | 125 min | 7.203 rating
Doug MacRay is a longtime thief, who, smarter than the rest of his crew, is looking for his chance to exit the game. When a bank job leads to the group kidnapping an attractive branch manager, he takes on the role of monitoring her – but their burgeoning relationship threatens to unveil the identities of Doug and his crew to the FBI Agent who is on their case.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Jeremy Renner, Rebecca Hall, Jon Hamm, Blake Lively


Sick: 2022 | R | 83 min | 6.292 rating
While quarantining at her family's lake house during the pandemic, Parker and her best friend are threatened by an unexpected visitor.
Cast: Gideon Adlon, Bethlehem Million, Dylan Sprayberry, Marc Menchaca, Jane Adams


Cheeky: 2000 | NR | 91 min | 5.542 rating
While scouting out apartments in London for her Venetian boyfriend, Carla rents an apartment that overlooks the Thames. There she meet the lesbian hyper-horny real estate agent Moira.
Cast: Yuliya Mayarchuk, Jarno Berardi, Francesca Nunzi, Mauro Lorenz, Leila Carli


R.I.P.D. 2: Rise of the Damned: 2022 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.4 rating
When Sheriff Roy Pulsipher finds himself in the afterlife, he joins a special police force and returns to Earth to save humanity from the undead.
Cast: Jeffrey Donovan, Penelope Mitchell, Richard Brake, Kerry Knuppe, Jake Choi


The Vow: 2012 | PG-13 | 104 min | 7.24 rating
Happy young married couple Paige and Leo are, well, happy. Then a car accident puts Paige into a life-threatening coma. Upon awakening she has lost the previous five years of memories, including those of her beloved Leo, her wedding, a confusing relationship with her parents, or the ending of her relationship with her ex-fiance. Despite these complications, Leo endeavors to win her heart again and rebuild their marriage.
Cast: Rachel McAdams, Channing Tatum, Sam Neill, Scott Speedman, Jessica Lange


The Dreamers: 2003 | NC-17 | 115 min | 7.204 rating
When Isabelle and Theo invite Matthew to stay with them, what begins as a casual friendship ripens into a sensual voyage of discovery and desire in which nothing is off limits and everything is possible.
Cast: Michael Pitt, Eva Green, Louis Garrel, Anna Chancellor, Robin Renucci


Your Christmas or Mine?: 2022 |  | 94 min | 6.437 rating
Students Hayley and James are young and in love. After saying goodbye for Christmas at a London train station, they both make the same mad split-second decision to swap trains and surprise each other. Passing each other in the station, they are completely unaware that they have just swapped Christmases.
Cast: Asa Butterfield, Cora Kirk, Angela Griffin, Daniel Mays, Harriet Walter


The Guardian: 2006 | PG-13 | 139 min | 7.1 rating
A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice.
Cast: Kevin Costner, Ashton Kutcher, Sela Ward, Melissa Sagemiller, Dulé Hill


Saw: 2005 |  | 10 min | 7 rating
David, an orderly at a hospital, tells his horrific story of being kidnapped and forced to play a vile game of survival.
Cast: Leigh Whannell, Paul Moder, Katrina Mathers, Dean Francis


Pet Sematary: 2019 | R | 100 min | 5.7 rating
Dr. Louis Creed and his wife, Rachel, move from Boston to Ludlow, in rural Maine, with their two young children. Hidden in the woods near the new family home, Ellie, their eldest daughter, discovers a mysterious cemetery where the pets of community members are buried.
Cast: Jason Clarke, Amy Seimetz, John Lithgow, Jeté Laurence, Hugo Lavoie


The Saint: 2017 | PG-13 | 92 min | 5.3 rating
International master thief, Simon Templar, also known as The Saint, is asked by a desperate rich man to find his kidnapped daughter. However, in addition to evading the authorities, Simon must face a dangerous adversary from his past.
Cast: Adam Rayner, Eliza Dushku, Ian Ogilvy, James Remar, Roger Moore


The New Toy: 2022 | NR | 111 min | 5.9 rating
Samy lives happily with his wife, Alice, in a poor urban housing project amongst friends and neighbours. For his son’s birthday, the richest man in France throws open his grand department store, offering the boy whatever he wants. Alexandre chooses Samy, the night watchman, as his new toy…
Cast: Daniel Auteuil, Jamel Debbouze, Alice Belaïdi, Simon Faliu, Lucie Fabry


High Crimes: 2002 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.3 rating
A female attorney learns that her husband is really a marine officer awol for fifteen years and accused of murdering fifteen civilians in El Salvador. Believing her husband when he tells her that he's being framed as part of a U.S. Military cover-up, the attorney defends him in a military court.
Cast: Ashley Judd, Morgan Freeman, Jim Caviezel, Amanda Peet, Adam Scott


WarGames: 1983 | PG | 114 min | 7.073 rating
High School student David Lightman has a talent for hacking. But while trying to hack into a computer system to play unreleased video games, he unwittingly taps into the Defense Department's war computer and initiates a confrontation of global proportions. Together with his girlfriend and a wizardly computer genius, David must race against time to outwit his opponent and prevent a nuclear Armageddon.
Cast: Matthew Broderick, Dabney Coleman, John Wood, Ally Sheedy, Barry Corbin


The Dirty Dozen: 1967 | NR | 150 min | 7.593 rating
12 American military prisoners in World War II are ordered to infiltrate a well-guarded enemy château and kill the Nazi officers vacationing there. The soldiers, most of whom are facing death sentences for a variety of violent crimes, agree to the mission and the possible commuting of their sentences.
Cast: Lee Marvin, Ernest Borgnine, Charles Bronson, Jim Brown, John Cassavetes


The Addams Family: 1991 | PG-13 | 102 min | 7.036 rating
When a man claiming to be long-lost Uncle Fester reappears after 25 years lost, the family plans a celebration to wake the dead. But the kids barely have time to warm up the electric chair before Morticia begins to suspect Fester is fraud when he can't recall any of the details of Fester's life.
Cast: Raúl Juliá, Anjelica Huston, Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Carel Struycken


The Soloist: 2009 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.691 rating
A Los Angeles journalist befriends a homeless Juilliard-trained musician, while looking for a new article for the paper.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Jamie Foxx, Catherine Keener, Tom Hollander, Nelsan Ellis


Miss Bala: 2019 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.383 rating
Gloria finds a power she never knew she had when she is drawn into a dangerous world of cross-border crime. Surviving will require all of her cunning, inventiveness, and strength.
Cast: Gina Rodriguez, Ismael Cruz Córdova, Aislinn Derbez, Matt Lauria, Damián Alcázar


Limitless: 2011 | PG-13 | 105 min | 7.189 rating
A paranoia-fueled action thriller about an unsuccessful writer whose life is transformed by a top-secret "smart drug" that allows him to use 100% of his brain and become a perfect version of himself. His enhanced abilities soon attract shadowy forces that threaten his new life in this darkly comic and provocative film.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Robert De Niro, Abbie Cornish, Andrew Howard, Anna Friel


The Dark Tower: 2017 | PG-13 | 95 min | 5.674 rating
A boy haunted by visions of a parallel world aids its disillusioned guardian in preventing the destruction of the nexus of universes known as the Dark Tower.
Cast: Idris Elba, Matthew McConaughey, Tom Taylor, Claudia Kim, Fran Kranz


Outlaw King: 2018 | R | 122 min | 6.834 rating
Forced into exile by the English after being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce fights to reclaim the throne.
Cast: Chris Pine, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Florence Pugh, Billy Howle, Sam Spruell


The Pledge: 2001 | R | 123 min | 6.52 rating
A police chief about to retire pledges to help a woman find her daughter's killer.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Helen Mirren, Aaron Eckhart, Robin Wright, Sam Shepard


Erin Brockovich: 2000 | R | 131 min | 7.4 rating
A twice-divorced mother of three who sees an injustice, takes on the bad guy and wins -- with a little help from her push-up bra. Erin goes to work for an attorney and comes across medical records describing illnesses clustered in one nearby town. She starts investigating and soon exposes a monumental cover-up.
Cast: Julia Roberts, Albert Finney, Aaron Eckhart, Marg Helgenberger, Cherry Jones


Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow: 2004 | PG-13 | 82 min | 7.212 rating
Naruto is thrilled when he is sent on a mission to protect his favorite actress, Yukie Fujikaze, on the set of her new movie, The Adventures of Princess Gale. But when the crew ventures out to film in the icy, foreboding Land of Snow, Yukie mysteriously flees! Naruto and his squad set off to find her... unaware that three Snow Ninja lie in wait, with a sinister purpose that will force Yukie to face her hidden past!
Cast: Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Noriaki Sugiyama, Kazuhiko Inoue, Hidehiko Ishizuka


Christmas with a View: 2018 |  | 90 min | 5.803 rating
This Christmas, Thunder Mountain Ski Resort is abuzz when celebrity chef Shane Roarke is named the new head chef. Clara Garrison isn't as excited and is instead focused on getting resettled after her failed attempt at opening a restaurant in the city. With their paths constantly crossing, will their shared passion for cooking bring them together or will secrets keep them apart?
Cast: Kaitlyn Leeb, Scott Cavalheiro, Joseph Cannata, Vivica A. Fox, Patrick Duffy


Carrie: 2013 | R | 100 min | 6.03 rating
A reimagining of the classic horror tale about Carrie White, a shy girl outcast by her peers and sheltered by her deeply religious mother, who unleashes telekinetic terror on her small town after being pushed too far at her senior prom.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Julianne Moore, Gabriella Wilde, Ansel Elgort, Alex Russell


Detachment: 2011 |  | 98 min | 7.626 rating
A chronicle of three weeks in the lives of several high school teachers, administrators and students through the eyes of substitute teacher, Henry Barthes. Henry roams from school to school, imparting modes of knowledge, but never staying long enough to form any semblance of sentient attachment.
Cast: Adrien Brody, Sami Gayle, Christina Hendricks, Louis Zorich, Betty Kaye


Cujo: 1983 | R | 93 min | 6.097 rating
A friendly St. Bernard named "Cujo" contracts rabies and conducts a reign of terror on a small American town.
Cast: Dee Wallace, Danny Pintauro, Daniel Hugh Kelly, Christopher Stone, Ed Lauter


Sherlock Gnomes: 2018 | PG | 86 min | 5.646 rating
Garden gnomes, Gnomeo & Juliet, recruit renown detective, Sherlock Gnomes, to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Emily Blunt, James McAvoy, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Mary J. Blige


Despicable Me 4: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The fourth installment of the Despicable Me franchise.
Cast: Steve Carell, Kristen Wiig, Pierre Coffin, Miranda Cosgrove, Steve Coogan


Undisputed II: Last Man Standing: 2006 | R | 93 min | 7.3 rating
Heavyweight Champ George "Iceman" Chambers is sent to a Russian jail on trumped-up drug charges. In order to win his freedom he must fight against the jailhouse fighting champ Uri Boyka in a battle to the death. This time he is not fighting for a title, he is fighting for his life!
Cast: Michael Jai White, Scott Adkins, Ben Cross, Eli Danker, Mark Ivanir


Warriors of Future: 2022 | PG-13 | 101 min | 7.157 rating
When a meteor carrying a destructive plant strikes the world, a suicide squad is given hours to save their post-apocalyptic city from total collapse.
Cast: Louis Koo, Lau Ching-wan, Carina Lau, Philip Keung Ho-Man, Tse Kwan-Ho


Looney Tunes: Back in Action: 2003 | PG | 93 min | 6.376 rating
Fed up with all the attention going to Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck quits Hollywood, teams up with recently-fired stuntman Damien Drake Jr. and embarks on a round-the-world adventure, along with Bugs and The VP of Warner Bros. Their mission? Find Damien's father, and the missing blue diamond... and stay one step ahead of The Acme Corp., who wants the diamond for their own purposes.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Jenna Elfman, Steve Martin, Timothy Dalton, Heather Locklear


Spider-Man: All Roads Lead to No Way Home: 2022 | NR | 30 min | 6.873 rating
Join our hosts JB Smoove and Martin Starr for a celebration of 20 years of Spider-Man™ movies!  From the original Sam Raimi trilogy to Marc Webb’s “amazing” movies to the latest trio from Director Jon Watts, we will take viewers through the stars, the stunts and action, the villains and heroes and an homage to Stan Lee, along with a few surprises. Find your favourite Spider-Man pajamas and prepare to swing through the past two decades of Spider-Man at the movies!
Cast: Tom Holland, Andrew Garfield, Tobey Maguire, Benedict Cumberbatch, Willem Dafoe


Moon: 2009 | R | 97 min | 7.571 rating
With only three weeks left in his three year contract, Sam Bell is getting anxious to finally return to Earth. He is the only occupant of a Moon-based manufacturing facility along with his computer and assistant, GERTY. When he has an accident however, he wakens to find that he is not alone.
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Kevin Spacey, Dominique McElligott, Rosie Shaw, Adrienne Shaw


Stand by Me Doraemon 2: 2020 | PG | 96 min | 7.6 rating
Nobita travels to the future to show his beloved grandma his bride, but adult Nobita has fled his own wedding.
Cast: Wasabi Mizuta, Megumi Oohara, Yumi Kakazu, Subaru Kimura, Tomokazu Seki


Red Riding Hood: 2011 | PG-13 | 100 min | 5.956 rating
Valerie is in love with a brooding outsider, Peter, but her parents have arranged for her to marry another man. Unwilling to lose each other, Valerie and Peter plan to run away together when Valerie's older sister is killed by a werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village. Panic grips the town as Valerie discovers that she has a unique connection to the beast--one that inexorably draws them together, making her both suspect...and bait
Cast: Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, Billy Burke, Shiloh Fernandez, Max Irons


Kungfu Master: 2008 | NR | Runtime NA | 5 rating
The film features Kung Fu Panda and Chinese martial arts folk hero Wong Fei Hung. In the film, the panda is assigned by the Buddha to protect an ancient treasure that could give the bearer the power to conquer the world.
Cast: 


Crash: 1996 | NC-17 | 100 min | 6.424 rating
After getting into a serious car accident, a TV director discovers an underground sub-culture of scarred, omnisexual car-crash victims who use car accidents and the raw sexual energy they produce to try to rejuvenate his sex life with his wife.
Cast: James Spader, Holly Hunter, Elias Koteas, Deborah Kara Unger, Rosanna Arquette


Mary Magdalene: 2018 | R | 120 min | 6.3 rating
In the first century, free-spirited Mary Magdalene flees the marriage her family has arranged for her, finding refuge and a sense of purpose in a radical new movement led by the charismatic, rabble-rousing preacher named Jesus.
Cast: Rooney Mara, Joaquin Phoenix, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Ariane Labed, Ryan Corr


Safe House: 2012 | R | 115 min | 6.454 rating
A dangerous CIA renegade resurfaces after a decade on the run. When the safe house he's remanded to is attacked by mercenaries, a rookie operative escapes with him. Now, the unlikely allies must stay alive long enough to uncover who wants them dead.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Ryan Reynolds, Vera Farmiga, Brendan Gleeson, Sam Shepard


American Pie 2: 2001 | R | 108 min | 6.226 rating
After a year apart - attending different schools, meeting different people - the guys rent a beach house and vow to make this the best summer ever. As it turns out, whether that will happen or not has a lot to do with the girls. Between the wild parties, outrageous revelations and yes, a trip to band camp, they discover that times change and people change, but in the end, it's all about sticking together.
Cast: Jason Biggs, Thomas Ian Nicholas, Chris Klein, Seann William Scott, Eddie Kaye Thomas


Last Man Down: 2021 | R | 87 min | 6.146 rating
After civilization succumbs to a deadly pandemic and his wife is murdered, a special forces soldier abandons his duty and becomes a hermit in the Nordic wilderness. Years later, a wounded woman appears on his doorstep. She's escaped from a lab and her pursuers believe her blood is the key to a worldwide cure. He's hesitant to get involved, but all doubts are cast aside when he discovers her pursuer is none other than Commander Stone, the man that murdered his wife some years ago.
Cast: Daniel Stisen, Olga Kent, Daniel Nehme, Stanislav Yanevski, Madeleine Vall


Young Adult Matters: 2021 | NR | 127 min | 6.5 rating
Se-jin, a high school student, becomes pregnant and gets ostracized by her family and school. While wandering the streets, she meets Joo-yeong, an experienced runaway, and tries to get an abortion with Joo-yeong's help.
Cast: Lee You-mi, Hani, Shin Haet-bit, Lee Hwan, Park Kang-seop


Final Destination 3: 2006 | R | 93 min | 6.089 rating
A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few, but not from death itself – which seeks out those who escaped their fate.
Cast: Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Ryan Merriman, Kris Lemche, Alexz Johnson, Sam Easton


Peninsula: 2020 |  | 115 min | 6.763 rating
A soldier and his team battle hordes of post-apocalyptic zombies in the wastelands of the Korean Peninsula.
Cast: Gang Dong-won, Lee Jung-hyun, Lee Re, Kwon Hae-hyo, Kim Min-jae


Captain America: The First Avenger: 2011 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.997 rating
During World War II, Steve Rogers is a sickly man from Brooklyn who's transformed into super-soldier Captain America to aid in the war effort. Rogers must stop the Red Skull – Adolf Hitler's ruthless head of weaponry, and the leader of an organization that intends to use a mysterious device of untold powers for world domination.
Cast: Chris Evans, Tommy Lee Jones, Hugo Weaving, Hayley Atwell, Sebastian Stan


Smokin' Aces: 2006 | R | 109 min | 6.475 rating
When a Las Vegas performer-turned-snitch named Buddy Israel decides to turn state's evidence and testify against the mob, it seems that a whole lot of people would like to make sure he's no longer breathing.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Andy García, Martin Henderson, Chris Pine, Ray Liotta


My Spy: 2020 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.9 rating
A hardened CIA operative finds himself at the mercy of a precocious 9-year-old girl, having been sent undercover to surveil her family.
Cast: Dave Bautista, Chloe Coleman, Parisa Fitz-Henley, Kristen Schaal, Greg Bryk


Selena: 1997 | PG | 127 min | 7.731 rating
In this biographical drama, Selena Quintanilla is born into a musical Mexican-American family in Texas. Her father, Abraham, realizes that his young daughter is talented and begins performing with her at small venues. She finds success and falls for her guitarist, Chris Perez, who draws the ire of her father. Seeking mainstream stardom, Selena begins recording an English-language album which, tragically, she would never complete.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Jackie Guerra, Constance Marie, Alex Meneses, Jon Seda


Men in Black: International: 2019 | PG-13 | 115 min | 5.931 rating
The Men in Black have always protected the Earth from the scum of the universe. In this new adventure, they tackle their biggest, most global threat to date: a mole in the Men in Black organization.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Tessa Thompson, Rebecca Ferguson, Kumail Nanjiani, Rafe Spall


Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Scroll: 2016 | G | 23 min | 6.8 rating
As Po looks for his lost action figures, the story of how the panda inadvertently helped create the Furious Five is told.
Cast: Jack Black, James Hong, Dustin Hoffman, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu


Faster: 2010 | R | 98 min | 6.33 rating
After 10 years in prison, Driver is now a free man with a single focus - hunting down the people responsible for brutally murdering his brother.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Billy Bob Thornton, Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Maggie Grace, Carla Gugino


Shin Ultraman: 2022 |  | 112 min | 7.1 rating
The Japanese government sets up a special task force to fight the giant creatures suddenly appearing across the country. Soon, the squad unexpectedly meets a giant silver humanoid who starts appearing every time a space monster attacks!
Cast: Takumi Saitoh, Masami Nagasawa, Hidetoshi Nishijima, Daiki Arioka, Akari Hayami


U.S. Marshals: 1998 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.49 rating
U.S. Marshal Sam Gerard is accompanying a plane load of convicts from Chicago to New York. The plane crashes spectacularly, and Mark Sheridan escapes. But when Diplomatic Security Agent John Royce is assigned to help Gerard recapture Sheridan, it becomes clear that Sheridan is more than just another murderer.
Cast: Tommy Lee Jones, Wesley Snipes, Robert Downey Jr., Joe Pantoliano, Daniel Roebuck


Under Siege: 1992 | R | 103 min | 6.258 rating
Disgruntled ex-CIA operative Strannix, his assistant Krill and their group of terrorists seize the battleship with nuclear blackmail in mind. They've planned for every contingency but ignore the ship's cook, former Navy SEAL Casey Ryback -- an error that could be fatal.
Cast: Steven Seagal, Tommy Lee Jones, Gary Busey, Erika Eleniak, Colm Meaney


Halloween II: 1981 | R | 92 min | 6.552 rating
After failing to kill stubborn survivor Laurie and taking a bullet or six from former psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis, Michael Myers has followed Laurie to the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital, where she's been admitted for Myers' attempt on her life. The institution proves to be particularly suited to serial killers, however, as Myers cuts, stabs and slashes his way through hospital staff to reach his favorite victim.
Cast: Jamie Lee Curtis, Donald Pleasence, Charles Cyphers, Jeffrey Kramer, Lance Guest


Animal House: 1978 | R | 109 min | 6.996 rating
At a 1962 College, Dean Vernon Wormer is determined to expel the entire Delta Tau Chi Fraternity, but those troublemakers have other plans for him.
Cast: John Belushi, Tim Matheson, John Vernon, Verna Bloom, Tom Hulce


Operation Seawolf: 2022 | NR | 86 min | 5.989 rating
During the last days of World War II, Germany, desperate for any last grasp to defeat the allied powers, looked to their last remaining weapons and soldiers. The German Navy and the last remaining U-Boats were formed together for one desperate last mission – a mission to attack the United States Homeland, known as Operation Seawolf. Captain Hans Kessler, a grizzled submarine commander from both World Wars, is called into service to make one mission a success and help turn the tide of the war.
Cast: Dolph Lundgren, Aaron Courteau, Frank Grillo, Andrew Stecker, Hiram A. Murray


He's All That: 2021 |  | 91 min | 6.585 rating
To get revenge on her ex-boyfriend, an influencer attempts to transform an unpopular classmate into prom king.
Cast: Addison Rae, Tanner Buchanan, Madison Pettis, Rachael Leigh Cook, Peyton Meyer


The Ring: 2002 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.661 rating
Rachel Keller is a journalist investigating a videotape that may have killed four teenagers. There is an urban legend about this tape: the viewer will die seven days after watching it. Rachel tracks down the video... and watches it. Now she has just seven days to unravel the mystery of the Ring so she can save herself and her son.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Martin Henderson, David Dorfman, Brian Cox, Jane Alexander


Cats & Dogs 3: Paws Unite: 2020 | PG | 84 min | 6.3 rating
It's been ten years since the creation of the Great Truce, an elaborate joint-species surveillance system designed and monitored by cats and dogs to keep the peace when conflicts arise. But when a tech-savvy villain hacks into wireless networks to use frequencies only heard by cats and dogs, he manipulates them into conflict and the worldwide battle between cats and dogs is BACK ON. Now, a team of inexperienced and untested agents will have to use their old-school animal instincts to restore order and peace between cats and dogs everywhere.
Cast: Melissa Rauch, Max Greenfield, George Lopez, Callum Seagram Airlie, Sarah Giles


Orphan: 2009 | R | 122 min | 7.001 rating
After losing their baby, a married couple adopt 9-year old Esther, who may not be as innocent as she seems.
Cast: Vera Farmiga, Peter Sarsgaard, Isabelle Fuhrman, CCH Pounder, Aryana Engineer


Wild Things: 1998 | R | 108 min | 6.4 rating
When teen-socialite Kelly Van Ryan and troubled bad girl Suzie Toller accuse guidance counselor Sam Lombardo of rape, he's suspended by the school, rejected by the town, and fighting to get his life back. One cop suspects conspiracy, but nothing is what it seems...
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Matt Dillon, Neve Campbell, Denise Richards, Theresa Russell


Big Game: 2015 | PG-13 | 90 min | 5.486 rating
Air Force One is shot down by terrorists, leaving the President of the United States stranded in the wilderness of Finland. 13-year-old Oskari is on a hunting mission to prove his maturity to his kinsfolk by tracking down a deer, but instead discovers the President in an escape pod. With the terrorists closing in to capture their prize, the unlikely duo team up to escape their hunters.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Onni Tommila, Ted Levine, Victor Garber, Felicity Huffman


She and Her Cat: Everything Flows: 2016 | NR | 28 min | 6.8 rating
This simple, charming series follows a young woman as she job hunts and experiences various changes in her life, all while her cat Daru remains the supportive constant.
Cast: Kana Hanazawa, Shintaro Asanuma, Sayuri Yahagi, Akiko Hiramatsu, Hiromichi Tezuka


Rogue Hostage: 2021 | NR | 94 min | 5.7 rating
A former Marine races against time to save a group of hostages -- including his young daughter and a congressman — when armed militants take over his stepfather's store.
Cast: Tyrese Gibson, John Malkovich, Michael Jai White, Holly Taylor, Luna Lauren Velez


Interview with the Vampire: 1994 | R | 123 min | 7.38 rating
A vampire relates his epic life story of love, betrayal, loneliness, and dark hunger to an over-curious reporter.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt, Antonio Banderas, Christian Slater, Stephen Rea


Barbie as the Island Princess: 2007 | G | 85 min | 7.229 rating
Shipwrecked as a child, Rosella (Barbie) grows up on the island under the watchful eyes of her loving animal friends. The arrival of Prince Antonio leads Rosella and her furry pals to explore civilization and ultimately save the kingdom by uncovering a secret plot.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Melissa Lyons, Alessandro Juliani, Christopher Gaze, Steve Marvel


Fair Play: 2023 |  | 113 min | 6.434 rating
An unexpected promotion at a cutthroat hedge fund pushes a young couple's relationship to the brink, threatening to unravel not only their recent engagement but their lives.
Cast: Phoebe Dynevor, Alden Ehrenreich, Eddie Marsan, Rich Sommer, Sebastian de Souza


Bedazzled: 2000 | PG-13 | 93 min | 6.045 rating
Elliot Richards, a socially awkward IT worker, is given seven wishes to get the girl of his dreams when he meets a very seductive Satan. The catch: his soul. Some of his wishes include being a 7 foot basketball star, a wealthy, powerful man, and a sensitive caring guy. But, as could be expected, the Devil puts her own little twist on each of his fantasies.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Elizabeth Hurley, Frances O'Connor, Miriam Shor, Orlando Jones


Coneheads: 1993 | PG | 87 min | 5.346 rating
A pair of aliens arrive on Earth to prepare for invasion, but crash instead. With enormous cone-shaped heads, robotlike walks and an appetite for toilet paper, aliens Beldar and Prymatt don't exactly blend in with the population of Paramus, N.J. But for some reason, everyone believes them when they say they're from France.
Cast: Dan Aykroyd, Jane Curtin, Michelle Burke, Sinbad, Phil Hartman


Soul Surfer: 2011 | PG | 112 min | 7.043 rating
The true story of teen surfer Bethany Hamilton, who lost her arm in a shark attack and courageously overcame all odds to become a champion again, through her sheer determination and unwavering faith.
Cast: AnnaSophia Robb, Helen Hunt, Dennis Quaid, Carrie Underwood, Kevin Sorbo


Mona Lisa and the Blood Moon: 2022 | R | 106 min | 6.354 rating
A young woman with psychokinetic powers breaks out of a Louisiana asylum and makes her way to New Orleans, where she falls into the city’s netherworld of misfits and miscreants.
Cast: Jun Jong-seo, Kate Hudson, Ed Skrein, Evan Whitten, Craig Robinson


Murder Mystery: 2019 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.283 rating
On a long-awaited trip to Europe, a New York City cop and his hairdresser wife scramble to solve a baffling murder aboard a billionaire's yacht.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Jennifer Aniston, Luke Evans, Terence Stamp, Gemma Arterton


Top Five: 2014 | R | 102 min | 6.1 rating
A comedian tries to make it as a serious actor when his reality-TV star fiancé talks him into broadcasting their wedding on her TV show.
Cast: Chris Rock, Rosario Dawson, J.B. Smoove, Gabrielle Union, Romany Malco


The Craft: Legacy: 2020 | PG-13 | 94 min | 6.17 rating
An eclectic foursome of aspiring teenage witches get more than they bargained for as they lean into their newfound powers.
Cast: Cailee Spaeny, Lovie Simone, Gideon Adlon, Zoey Luna, Michelle Monaghan


Bambi: 1942 | G | 70 min | 7.01 rating
Bambi's tale unfolds from season to season as the young prince of the forest learns about life, love, and friends.
Cast: Donnie Dunagan, Peter Behn, Stan Alexander, Cammie King, Will Wright


Rage: 2014 | R | 98 min | 5.259 rating
When the Russian mob kidnaps the daughter of a reformed criminal, he rounds up his old crew and seeks his own brand of justice.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Aubrey Peeples, Rachel Nichols, Peter Stormare, Danny Glover


Almost Famous: 2000 | R | 124 min | 7.507 rating
In 1973, 15-year-old William Miller's unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band, Stillwater.
Cast: Patrick Fugit, Billy Crudup, Kate Hudson, Frances McDormand, Jason Lee


Looking Glass: 2018 | R | 103 min | 4.7 rating
A psycho- sexual thriller following a couple that buys an old motel in the desert looking for a new beginning, but what seemed at first as an escape is soon a thrilling ride through a mysterious world when Ray discovers a two way mirror and witnesses a horrifying murder. In a twisted game of cat and mouse, Ray must race to save his wife and himself from a gruesome secret connected to the motel and the strange people who visit there.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Robin Tunney, Marc Blucas, Ernie Lively, Jacque Gray


Happy Feet Two: 2011 | PG | 100 min | 6.114 rating
Mumble the penguin has a problem: his son Erik, who is reluctant to dance, encounters The Mighty Sven, a penguin who can fly! Things get worse for Mumble when the world is shaken by powerful forces, causing him to brings together the penguin nations and their allies to set things right.
Cast: Elijah Wood, Robin Williams, Pink, Elizabeth Daily, Johnny A. Sanchez


The Magnificent Seven: 1960 | NR | 127 min | 7.518 rating
An oppressed Mexican peasant village hires seven gunfighters to help defend their homes.
Cast: Yul Brynner, Eli Wallach, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Robert Vaughn


End of Days: 1999 | R | 121 min | 6.054 rating
On 28 December 1999, the citizens of New York City are getting ready for the turn of the millennium. However, Satan decides to crash the party by coming to the city  and searching for his chosen bride — a 20-year-old woman named Christine York. The world will end, and the only hope lies within an atheist named Jericho Cane.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Robin Tunney, Kevin Pollak, CCH Pounder


Only the Brave: 2017 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.4 rating
Members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots battle deadly wildfires to save an Arizona town.
Cast: Josh Brolin, Miles Teller, Jeff Bridges, Jennifer Connelly, James Badge Dale


Miss Hokusai: 2015 |  | 90 min | 6.8 rating
A daughter is constantly overshadowed by her famous father, but she is determined to make her own mark in the world.
Cast: Anne Watanabe, Kumiko Aso, Gaku Hamada, Kengo Kora, Yutaka Matsushige


The Girl Next Door: 2004 | R | 110 min | 6.715 rating
Exceptionally ambitious high schooler Matthew has aspirations for a career in politics when he falls in love with his gorgeous 19-year-old neighbor, Danielle. But Matthew's bright future is jeopardized when he finds Danielle was once a porn star. As Danielle's past catches up with her, Matthew's love for her forces him to re-evaluate his goals.
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Elisha Cuthbert, Timothy Olyphant, Christopher Marquette, Paul Dano


The Unholy: 2021 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.664 rating
Alice is young hearing-impaired girl who, after a supposed visitation from the Virgin Mary, is inexplicably able to hear, speak and heal the sick. As word spreads and people from near and far flock to witness her miracles, a disgraced journalist hoping to revive his career visits the small New England town to investigate. When terrifying events begin to happen all around, he starts to question if these phenomena are the works of the Virgin Mary or something much more sinister.
Cast: Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Cricket Brown, William Sadler, Katie Aselton, Cary Elwes


I Am Number Four: 2011 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.174 rating
A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret races to stay one step ahead of the mysterious forces seeking destroy him in this sci-fi action thriller. With three dead and one on the run, the race to find the elusive Number Four begins. Outwardly normal teen John Smith never gets too comfortable in the same identity, and along with his guardian, Henri, he is constantly moving from town to town. With each passing day, John gains a stronger grasp on his extraordinary new powers, and his bond to the beings that share his fantastic fate grows stronger.
Cast: Alex Pettyfer, Dianna Agron, Teresa Palmer, Timothy Olyphant, Kevin Durand


Romancing the Stone: 1984 | PG | 106 min | 6.8 rating
Though she can spin wild tales of passionate romance, novelist Joan Wilder has no life of her own. Then one day adventure comes her way in the form of a mysterious package. It turns out that the parcel is the ransom she'll need to free her abducted sister, so Joan flies to South America to hand it over. But she gets on the wrong bus and winds up hopelessly stranded in the jungle.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, Danny DeVito, Zack Norman, Alfonso Arau


Polite Society: 2023 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.4 rating
Martial artist-in-training Ria Khan believes she must save her older sister Lena from her impending marriage. After enlisting the help of her friends, Ria attempts to pull off the most ambitious of all wedding heists in the name of independence and sisterhood.
Cast: Priya Kansara, Ritu Arya, Shobu Kapoor, Ella Bruccoleri, Seraphina Beh


Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, Part 1: 2012 | PG-13 | 76 min | 7.738 rating
Batman has not been seen for ten years. A new breed of criminal ravages Gotham City, forcing 55-year-old Bruce Wayne back into the cape and cowl. But, does he still have what it takes to fight crime in a new era?
Cast: Peter Weller, Ariel Winter, David Selby, Wade Williams, Michael McKean


The Wolf's Call: 2019 |  | 115 min | 7.551 rating
With nuclear war looming, a military expert in underwater acoustics strives to prove things aren't as they seem—or sound—using only his ears.
Cast: François Civil, Omar Sy, Mathieu Kassovitz, Reda Kateb, Paula Beer


The Cabin in the Woods: 2012 | R | 95 min | 6.607 rating
Five friends go for a break at a remote cabin, where they get more than they bargained for, discovering the truth behind the cabin in the woods.
Cast: Kristen Connolly, Fran Kranz, Jesse Williams, Anna Hutchison, Chris Hemsworth


Shattered: 2022 | R | 92 min | 5.7 rating
Chris, a wealthy divorcee, lives in a high-tech house of his own design in Montana. His life changes when he meets Sky, a mysterious young woman who draws him out of his shell and moves in after Chris is injured.
Cast: Cameron Monaghan, Lilly Krug, Frank Grillo, Sasha Luss, John Malkovich


sex, lies, and videotape: 1989 | R | 101 min | 6.946 rating
Ann, a frustrated wife, enters into counseling due to a troubled marriage. Unbeknownst to her, her husband John has begun an affair with her sister. When John’s best friend Graham arrives, his penchant for interviewing women about their sex lives forever changes John and Ann’s rocky marriage.
Cast: Andie MacDowell, Peter Gallagher, James Spader, Laura San Giacomo, Ron Vawter


Shortbus: 2006 | NR | 101 min | 6.336 rating
A group of New Yorkers caught up in their romantic/sexual milieu converge at Shortbus, an underground Brooklyn salon infamous for its blend of art, music, politics, and carnality, and loosely inspired by various underground NYC gatherings that took place in the early 2000s. Here, gay couple Jamie and James meet Ceth, a young ex-model and aspiring singer.
Cast: Paul Dawson, Lindsay Beamish, Adam Hardman, Sook-Yin Lee, Raphael Barker


London Has Fallen: 2016 | R | 99 min | 6.184 rating
In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning discovers a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Angela Bassett, Morgan Freeman, Melissa Leo


Silent Hill: 2006 | R | 125 min | 6.55 rating
Rose, a desperate mother takes her adopted daughter, Sharon, to the town of Silent Hill in an attempt to cure her of her ailment. After a violent car crash, Sharon disappears and Rose begins a desperate search to get her back. She descends into the center of the twisted reality of a town's terrible secret. Pursued by grotesquely deformed creatures and townspeople stuck in permanent purgatory, Rose begins to uncover the truth behind the apocalyptic disaster that burned the town 30 years earlier.
Cast: Radha Mitchell, Sean Bean, Jodelle Ferland, Laurie Holden, Deborah Kara Unger


Leap Year: 2010 | PG | 100 min | 6.89 rating
When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love.
Cast: Amy Adams, Matthew Goode, Adam Scott, John Lithgow, Noel O'Donovan


Due Date: 2010 | R | 95 min | 6.356 rating
Peter Highman must scramble across the US in five days to be present for the birth of his first child. He gets off to a bad start when his wallet and luggage are stolen, and put on the 'no-fly' list. Peter embarks on a terrifying journey when he accepts a ride from an actor.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Zach Galifianakis, Michelle Monaghan, Jamie Foxx, Juliette Lewis


Anaconda 3: Offspring: 2008 |  | 91 min | 4.7 rating
Cancer-terminal tycoon Peter Murdoch's secret Wexel Hall Pharmaceuticals lab has developed a blood orchid extract cure. To examine why it works optimally in snakes, they also bread a super-anaconda strain. But the original pair escapes, leaving a bloody trail of human corpses. Murdoch runs, instructing his staff to clean up. They keep failing and being eaten like unsuspecting locals, some alive, even after enlisting ruthless big game hunter Hammett. The fast-growing pregnant monster sheds its skin, thus disabling the only tracking device they have.
Cast: David Hasselhoff, Crystal Allen, John Rhys-Davies, Ryan McCluskey, Patrick Regis


Braveheart: 1995 | R | 177 min | 7.936 rating
Enraged at the slaughter of Murron, his new bride and childhood love, Scottish warrior William Wallace slays a platoon of the local English lord's soldiers. This leads the village to revolt and, eventually, the entire country to rise up against English rule.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Catherine McCormack, Sophie Marceau, Patrick McGoohan, Angus Macfadyen


The Witch: 2015 | R | 92 min | 6.932 rating
In 1630, a farmer relocates his family to a remote plot of land on the edge of a forest where strange, unsettling things happen. With suspicion and paranoia mounting, each family member's faith, loyalty and love are tested in shocking ways.
Cast: Anya Taylor-Joy, Ralph Ineson, Kate Dickie, Harvey Scrimshaw, Ellie Grainger


Detroit: 2017 | R | 143 min | 7.312 rating
A police raid in Detroit in 1967 results in one of the largest citizens' uprisings in the history of the United States.
Cast: John Boyega, Will Poulter, Anthony Mackie, Algee Smith, Hannah Murray


Rogue One: A Star Wars Story: 2016 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.491 rating
A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy.
Cast: Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Alan Tudyk, Donnie Yen, Jiang Wen


Surviving Christmas: 2004 | PG-13 | 91 min | 5.699 rating
Drew Latham is an executive leading an empty, shallow life with only wealth on his side. Facing another lonely Christmas ahead, he revisits his old childhood home in the hope of reliving some old holiday memories – but he finds that the house in which he was raised is no longer the home in which he grew up.
Cast: Ben Affleck, James Gandolfini, Christina Applegate, Catherine O'Hara, Josh Zuckerman


Atomic Blonde: 2017 | R | 115 min | 6.413 rating
An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents.
Cast: Charlize Theron, James McAvoy, John Goodman, Eddie Marsan, Toby Jones


RE:BORN: 2016 | NR | 101 min | 7.067 rating
A legend covert soldier with a mysterious past decides to unleash once again his beast within to stand up for what he cares about.
Cast: Tak Sakaguchi, Yura Kondo, Takumi Saitoh, Hitomi Hasebe, Mariko Shinoda


The Next Three Days: 2010 | PG-13 | 133 min | 7.074 rating
A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of murdering her boss. Her husband John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. When the strain of being separated from her husband and son gets to her, John decides to find a way to break her out.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Elizabeth Banks, Brian Dennehy, RZA, Moran Atias


Spy Hard: 1996 | PG-13 | 81 min | 5.365 rating
The evil Gen. Rancor has his sights set on world domination, and only one man can stop him: Dick Steele, also known as Agent WD-40. Rancor needs to obtain a computer circuit for the missile that he is planning to fire, so Steele teams up with Veronique Ukrinsky, a KGB agent whose father designed the chip. Together they try to locate the evil mastermind's headquarters, where Veronique's father and several other hostages are being held.
Cast: Leslie Nielsen, Nicollette Sheridan, Charles Durning, Marcia Gay Harden, Barry Bostwick


Batman: Year One: 2011 | PG-13 | 64 min | 7.283 rating
A wealthy playboy named Bruce Wayne and a Chicago cop named Jim Gordon both return to Gotham City where their lives unexpectedly intersect.
Cast: Ben McKenzie, Bryan Cranston, Eliza Dushku, Jon Polito, Alex Rocco


Jacob's Ladder: 1990 | R | 113 min | 7.363 rating
After returning home from the Vietnam War, veteran Jacob Singer struggles to maintain his sanity. Plagued by hallucinations and flashbacks, Singer rapidly falls apart as the world and people around him morph and twist into disturbing images. His girlfriend, Jezzie, and ex-wife, Sarah, try to help, but to little avail. Even Singer's chiropractor friend, Louis, fails to reach him as he descends into madness.
Cast: Tim Robbins, Elizabeth Peña, Danny Aiello, Matt Craven, Pruitt Taylor Vince


The Town: 2010 | R | 125 min | 7.203 rating
Doug MacRay is a longtime thief, who, smarter than the rest of his crew, is looking for his chance to exit the game. When a bank job leads to the group kidnapping an attractive branch manager, he takes on the role of monitoring her – but their burgeoning relationship threatens to unveil the identities of Doug and his crew to the FBI Agent who is on their case.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Jeremy Renner, Rebecca Hall, Jon Hamm, Blake Lively


The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor: 2008 | PG-13 | 112 min | 5.5 rating
Archaeologist Rick O'Connell travels to China, pitting him against an emperor from the 2,000-year-old Han dynasty who's returned from the dead to pursue a quest for world domination. This time, O'Connell enlists the help of his wife and son to quash the so-called 'Dragon Emperor' and his abuse of supernatural power.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Jet Li, Maria Bello, John Hannah, Michelle Yeoh


Tayuan: 2023 | NR | 101 min | 7 rating
Ella, an events project manager, usually takes a private transportation service. However, she is forced to take a bus, where bus conductor Rico becomes aroused when her body gets pressed into him due to the thick crowd.  This encounter deeply affects Ella, and from that night on, she starts pursuing Rico. Even after discovering that Rico already has a live-in partner and a daughter, Ella doesn’t care at all and she’ll do anything to make him want her just as much.
Cast: Angeli Khang, Stephanie Raz, Chester Grecia, Francine Garcia, Rash Flores


Argo: 2012 | R | 120 min | 7.278 rating
As the Iranian revolution reaches a boiling point, a CIA 'exfiltration' specialist concocts a risky plan to free six Americans who have found shelter at the home of the Canadian ambassador.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Bryan Cranston, Alan Arkin, Scoot McNairy, John Goodman


You Might Get Lost: 2021 | NR | 90 min | 5.6 rating
After the tragic death of her son, Arlene loses everything, her husband, her home and she starts to lose her mind. When the mysterious Endeavour Institute offers her a chance to travel back and change things, she eagerly accepts and begins her journey to the past. Plagued by the memories of her alternate reality, Arlene must separate the real from the false without upsetting the delicate balance. She is unprepared for the terrible price she must pay for saving her son.
Cast: Corrinne Wicks, Colin Baker, Samuel Clemens, Jolyon Young


All the Old Knives: 2022 | R | 101 min | 6 rating
When the CIA discovers one of its agents leaked information that cost more than 100 people their lives, veteran operative Henry Pelham is assigned to root out the mole with his former lover and colleague Celia Harrison.
Cast: Chris Pine, Thandiwe Newton, Jonathan Pryce, Laurence Fishburne, Corey Johnson


The Bodyguard: 1992 | R | 129 min | 6.671 rating
A former Secret Service agent grudgingly takes an assignment to protect a pop idol who's threatened by a crazed fan. At first, the safety-obsessed bodyguard and the self-indulgent diva totally clash. But before long, all that tension sparks fireworks of another sort, and the love-averse tough guy is torn between duty and romance.
Cast: Whitney Houston, Kevin Costner, Gary Kemp, Bill Cobbs, Ralph Waite


The Current War: 2018 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.69 rating
Electricity titans Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse compete to create a sustainable system and market it to the American people.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Michael Shannon, Nicholas Hoult, Katherine Waterston, Tom Holland


Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules: 2022 | PG | 74 min | 7 rating
A new school year, his brother Rodrick teases him over and over and over and over again. Will Greg manage to get along with him? Or will a secret ruin everything?
Cast: Brady Noon, Hunter Dillon, Ethan William Childress, Erica Cerra, Chris Diamantopoulos


Stan & Ollie: 2018 | PG | 98 min | 6.977 rating
With their golden era long behind them, comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida – a formidable double act in their own right – the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public
Cast: Steve Coogan, John C. Reilly, Shirley Henderson, Nina Arianda, Rufus Jones


Pineapple Express: 2008 | R | 111 min | 6.623 rating
A stoner and his dealer are forced to go on the run from the police after the pothead witnesses a cop commit a murder.
Cast: Seth Rogen, James Franco, Gary Cole, Danny McBride, Rosie Perez


Krampus: The Christmas Devil: 2013 | NC-17 | 83 min | 3.908 rating
Jeremy, a local police officer leads a life of a confusing past, spending his current time searching for his kidnapper as a child. After other children begin missing, Jeremy pieces together the truth and realizes that his childhood kidnapper could be a creature of ancient yuletide lore, Krampus, who is the brother of St. Nick, and punisher of children who perform acts of unspeakable evil without repercussion. Can Jeremy kill Krampus and prevent more missing children?
Cast: Bill Oberst Jr., Samantha Hoepfl, Erica Soto, Annette Lawless, Angelina Leigh


Pokémon the Movie 2000: 1999 | G | 84 min | 6.7 rating
When Lawrence III's scheme to capture the Legendary Pokémon Lugia upsets the balance of nature, it is up to Ash Ketchum and his friends to save the world.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Mayumi Izuka, Satomi Korogi, Tomokazu Seki


The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie: 2004 | PG | 87 min | 7.004 rating
There's trouble brewing in Bikini Bottom. Someone has stolen King Neptune's crown, and it looks like Mr. Krab, SpongeBob's boss, is the culprit. Though he's just been passed over for the promotion of his dreams, SpongeBob stands by his boss, and along with his best pal Patrick, sets out on a treacherous mission to Shell City to reclaim the crown and save Mr. Krab's life.
Cast: Tom Kenny, Clancy Brown, Rodger Bumpass, Bill Fagerbakke, Mr. Lawrence


Rio Bravo: 1959 | NR | 141 min | 7.84 rating
The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach.
Cast: John Wayne, Dean Martin, Ricky Nelson, Angie Dickinson, Walter Brennan


Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle: 2018 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.491 rating
A human child raised by wolves, must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan, as well as his own origins.
Cast: Rohan Chand, Christian Bale, Andy Serkis, Benedict Cumberbatch, Cate Blanchett


Mortal Engines: 2018 | PG-13 | 129 min | 6.18 rating
Many thousands of years in the future, Earth’s cities roam the globe on huge wheels, devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities, the old London, Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever.
Cast: Hera Hilmar, Robert Sheehan, Hugo Weaving, Jihae, Ronan Raftery


Step Up All In: 2014 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.8 rating
All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers.
Cast: Briana Evigan, Ryan Guzman, Chaton Anderson, Stephen 'tWitch' Boss, Misha Gabriel


12 Years a Slave: 2013 | R | 134 min | 7.945 rating
In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon’s chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life.
Cast: Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Lupita Nyong'o, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Dano


Sudden Impact: 1983 | R | 117 min | 6.559 rating
When a young rape victim takes justice into her own hands and becomes a serial killer, it's up to Dirty Harry Callahan, on suspension from the SFPD, to bring her to justice.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Sondra Locke, Pat Hingle, Bradford Dillman, Paul Drake


Special Delivery: 2022 | NR | 109 min | 7.1 rating
A black-market cabbie drives criminals at breakneck speeds until she is left in charge of a fugitive's son.
Cast: Park So-dam, Kim Eui-sung, Song Sae-byuk, Yeom Hye-ran, Jung Hyeon-jun


The Estate: 2022 | R | 96 min | 5.6 rating
Two sisters attempt to win over their terminally ill, difficult-to-please aunt in hopes of becoming the beneficiaries of her wealthy estate, only to find the rest of their greedy family members have the same idea.
Cast: Toni Collette, Anna Faris, David Duchovny, Rosemarie DeWitt, Kathleen Turner


Jeremiah Johnson: 1972 | PG | 108 min | 7.298 rating
A mountain man who wishes to live the life of a hermit becomes the unwilling object of a long vendetta by Indians when he proves to be the match of their warriors in one-to-one combat on the early frontier.
Cast: Robert Redford, Will Geer, Delle Bolton, Josh Albee, Joaquín Martínez


Seven Years in Tibet: 1997 | PG-13 | 136 min | 7.172 rating
Austrian mountaineer, Heinrich Harrer journeys to the Himalayas without his family to head an expedition in 1939. But when World War II breaks out, the arrogant Harrer falls into Allied forces' hands as a prisoner of war. He escapes with a fellow detainee and makes his way to Llaso, Tibet, where he meets the 14-year-old Dalai Lama, whose friendship ultimately transforms his outlook on life.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Jamyang Jamtsho Wangchuk, David Thewlis, BD Wong, Mako


Dogman: 2023 |  | 114 min | 7.428 rating
A boy, bruised by life, finds his salvation through the love of his dogs.
Cast: Caleb Landry Jones, Jojo T. Gibbs, Christopher Denham, Grace Palma, Clemens Schick


Notting Hill: 1999 | PG-13 | 124 min | 7.262 rating
William Thacker is a London bookstore owner whose humdrum existence is thrown into romantic turmoil when famous American actress Anna Scott appears in his shop. A chance encounter over spilled orange juice leads to a kiss that blossoms into a full-blown affair. As the average bloke and glamorous movie star draw closer and closer together, they struggle to reconcile their radically different lifestyles in the name of love.
Cast: Julia Roberts, Hugh Grant, Gina McKee, Tim McInnerny, Rhys Ifans


Book Club: The Next Chapter: 2023 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.598 rating
Four best friends take their book club to Italy for the fun girls' trip they never had. When things go off the rails and secrets are revealed, their relaxing vacation turns into a once-in-a-lifetime cross-country adventure.
Cast: Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda, Candice Bergen, Mary Steenburgen, Andy García


Drive Angry: 2011 | R | 105 min | 5.473 rating
Milton is a hardened felon who has broken out of Hell, intent on finding the vicious cult who brutally murdered his daughter and kidnapped her baby. He joins forces with a sexy, tough-as-nails waitress, who's also seeking redemption of her own. Caught in a deadly race against time, Milton has three days to avoid capture, avenge his daughter's death, and save her baby before she's mercilessly sacrificed by the cult.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Amber Heard, William Fichtner, Billy Burke, David Morse


Burn: 2019 | R | 89 min | 6.1 rating
Lonely, unstable gas station attendant Melinda is tired of being overshadowed by her more confident, outgoing co-worker Sheila. When the gas station is held up at gunpoint by Billy, a desperate man in need of quick cash, Melinda finds an opportunity to make a connection with the robber, regardless of who gets hurt.
Cast: Tilda Cobham-Hervey, Josh Hutcherson, Suki Waterhouse, Shiloh Fernandez, Harry Shum Jr.


The Five-Year Engagement: 2012 | R | 124 min | 5.844 rating
Exactly one year after Tom meets Violet, he surprises her with a wedding ring. By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. However, this engaged couple just keep getting tripped up on the long walk down the aisle.
Cast: Jason Segel, Emily Blunt, Rhys Ifans, Chris Pratt, Alison Brie


Lolita: 1962 | NR | 154 min | 7.348 rating
Humbert Humbert is a middle-aged British novelist who is both appalled by and attracted to the vulgarity of American culture. When he comes to stay at the boarding house run by Charlotte Haze, he soon becomes obsessed with Lolita, the woman's teenaged daughter.
Cast: James Mason, Shelley Winters, Sue Lyon, Gary Cockrell, Jerry Stovin


Burning Betrayal: 2023 | R | 99 min | 5.725 rating
Babi discovers a betrayal by her long-term partner and decides to embark on a new adventure in life. On this journey, she meets judge Marco and they begin to live a story permeated by a lot of sexual tension.
Cast: Giovanna Lancellotti, Leandro Lima, Camilla de Lucas, Bruno Montaleone, Louise D'Tuani


Youth: 2015 | R | 125 min | 6.904 rating
Two lifelong friends bond whilst vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance?
Cast: Michael Caine, Harvey Keitel, Rachel Weisz, Paul Dano, Jane Fonda


The Taking of Deborah Logan: 2014 | R | 90 min | 6.467 rating
What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all.
Cast: Jill Larson, Anne Ramsay, Michelle Ang, Ryan Cutrona, Brett Gentile


Time Bandits: 1981 | PG | 116 min | 6.607 rating
Young history buff Kevin can scarcely believe it when six dwarfs emerge from his closet one night. Former employees of the Supreme Being, they've purloined a map charting all of the holes in the fabric of time and are using it to steal treasures from different historical eras. Taking Kevin with them, they variously drop in on Napoleon, Robin Hood and King Agamemnon before the Supreme Being catches up with them.
Cast: Craig Warnock, David Rappaport, Kenny Baker, Mike Edmonds, Malcolm Dixon


Santa Buddies: 2009 | G | 88 min | 5.905 rating
When Puppy Paws, the fun-loving son of Santa Paws, gets bored, he finds Budderball on Santa's naughty list and figures he's just the dog to show him how to be an ordinary pup. When the magical Christmas Icicle starts to melt however, and the world begins to forget the true meaning of the season, it's up to Puppy Paws and his newfound Buddies to journey back to the North Pole and save Christmas.
Cast: Zachary Gordon, Josh Flitter, Skyler Gisondo, Field Cate, Liliana Mumy


The Remaining: 2014 | PG-13 | 88 min | 6.1 rating
When a group of close-knit friends assemble for the marriage of Skylar and Dan, they have no idea they will witness The Rapture and face a series of catastrophic events turning the celebration into a life-or-death struggle.
Cast: Alexa PenaVega, Johnny Pacar, Shaun Sipos, Italia Ricci, Bryan Dechart


A Haunted House 2: 2014 | R | 87 min | 6.102 rating
After exorcising the demons of his ex-, Malcolm starts afresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home, Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events.
Cast: Marlon Wayans, Jaime Pressly, Essence Atkins, Gabriel Iglesias, Missi Pyle


The Second Wife: 1998 | NR | Runtime NA | 5.3 rating
In the early 1960's, a Sicilian single mother marries an older, crass widowed truck driver. When he is arrested trying to smuggle an antique, she ends up falling in love with her handsome stepson.
Cast: Maria Grazia Cucinotta, Lazar Ristovski, Giorgio Noè, Jessica Auriemma, Patrizia Corti


Gran Torino: 2008 | R | 116 min | 7.996 rating
Disgruntled Korean War veteran Walt Kowalski sets out to reform his neighbor, Thao Lor, a Hmong teenager who tried to steal Kowalski's prized possession: a 1972 Gran Torino.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Christopher Carley, Bee Vang, Ahney Her, Brian Haley


The Three Musketeers: 2023 | NR | 94 min | 5.565 rating
France is in turmoil and a new, naive King finds himself manipulated by the evil Cardinal Richelieu. With a corrupt commander of the royal guard by his side the Cardinal employs the expertise of the devious and wicked Milady de Winter in a plot to bring down the monarchy and drag the country into war. As France burns the Cardinal will take control. All that stands between them and victory are the remnants of an elite group who wore loyalty to crown and country. Above all else The Musketeers will stand against the odds to foil this deadly plot.
Cast: Malachi Pullar-Latchman, Jake J. Meniani, Ben Freeman, David O’Mahony, James Cosmo


Back to the Outback: 2021 | PG | 92 min | 7.777 rating
Tired of being locked in a reptile house where humans gawk at them like they are monsters, a ragtag group of Australia’s deadliest creatures plot an escape from their zoo to the Outback, a place where they’ll fit in without being judged.
Cast: Isla Fisher, Tim Minchin, Eric Bana, Guy Pearce, Miranda Tapsell


Stardust: 2007 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.265 rating
In a countryside town bordering on a magical land, a young man makes a promise to his beloved that he'll retrieve a fallen star by venturing into the magical realm. His journey takes him into a world beyond his wildest dreams and reveals his true identity.
Cast: Claire Danes, Charlie Cox, Michelle Pfeiffer, Robert De Niro, Sienna Miller


Galaxy Quest: 1999 | PG | 101 min | 7.06 rating
For four years, the courageous crew of the NSEA protector - "Commander Peter Quincy Taggart" (Tim Allen), "Lt. Tawny Madison (Sigourney Weaver) and "Dr.Lazarus" (Alan Rickman) - set off on a thrilling and often dangerous mission in space...and then their series was cancelled! Now, twenty years later, aliens under attack have mistaken the Galaxy Quest television transmissions for "historical documents" and beam up the crew of has-been actors to save the universe. With no script, no director and no clue, the actors must turn in the performances of their lives.
Cast: Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell


Judge Dredd: 1995 | R | 96 min | 5.8 rating
In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Diane Lane, Armand Assante, Rob Schneider, Jürgen Prochnow


Rough Night: 2017 | R | 101 min | 5.7 rating
Five best friends from college reunite 10 years later for a wild bachelorette weekend in Miami. Their hard partying takes a hilariously dark turn when they accidentally kill a male stripper. Amidst the craziness of trying to cover it up, they're ultimately brought closer together when it matters most.
Cast: Scarlett Johansson, Kate McKinnon, Jillian Bell, Ilana Glazer, Zoë Kravitz


Into the Storm: 2014 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6 rating
As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot.
Cast: Richard Armitage, Sarah Wayne Callies, Matt Walsh, Max Deacon, Alycia Debnam-Carey


Jack the Giant Slayer: 2013 | PG-13 | 114 min | 5.825 rating
The story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries, the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost, forcing the young man, Jack into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom, its people, and the love of a brave princess, he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legend–and gets the chance to become a legend himself.
Cast: Eleanor Tomlinson, Nicholas Hoult, Ewan McGregor, Stanley Tucci, Ian McShane


A Christmas Story Christmas: 2022 | PG | 98 min | 6.5 rating
Ralphie is now all grown up and must deal with Christmas and all that comes with it… as a dad.
Cast: Peter Billingsley, Erinn Hayes, Julie Hagerty, Ian Petrella, Scott Schwartz


The Golden Lotus: Love and Desire: 1991 | NR | 95 min | 6.2 rating
A corrupt local official, Xi Men Qing, who lusts after women and money, pursues his brother's young wife, Lee Ping Er. Ping finds Men attractive, and under her drunken husband's nose, she and Men work their way through the illustrations of a pillow book, the "Golden Lotus." Men pursues the same feat with his fourth concubine, Pan Jing Lien, who lives in the compound next to Ping. Jing's jealousy compounds a tale of humiliation, childbirth, death, and depravity. Does karma or enlightenment await anyone?
Cast: Pal Sinn Lap-man, Charlie Cho, Yuk Ting Fong, Sin Yi Gei, Yuen Suk Lee


The Great Gatsby: 2013 | PG-13 | 143 min | 7.4 rating
An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel, where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor, Jay Gatsby. Soon enough, however, Carraway will see through the cracks of Gatsby's nouveau riche existence, where obsession, madness, and tragedy await.
Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan, Joel Edgerton, Elizabeth Debicki


Midnight in Paris: 2011 | PG-13 | 94 min | 7.537 rating
A romantic comedy about a family traveling to the French capital for business. The party includes a young engaged couple forced to confront the illusion that a life different from their own is better.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Kurt Fuller, Mimi Kennedy, Michael Sheen


Nocturnal Animals: 2016 | R | 117 min | 7.444 rating
Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from her ex-husband – a man she left 20 years earlier – asking for her opinion of his writing. As she reads, she is drawn into the fictional life of Tony Hastings, a mathematics professor whose family vacation turns violent.
Cast: Amy Adams, Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Shannon, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Isla Fisher


Zero Dark Thirty: 2012 | R | 157 min | 7 rating
A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden after the September 2001 attacks, and his death at the hands of the Navy S.E.A.L. Team 6 in May, 2011.
Cast: Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, Kyle Chandler, Jennifer Ehle, Mark Strong


Green Lantern: 2011 | PG-13 | 114 min | 5.2 rating
For centuries, a small but powerful force of warriors called the Green Lantern Corps has sworn to keep intergalactic order. Each Green Lantern wears a ring that grants him superpowers. But when a new enemy called Parallax threatens to destroy the balance of power in the Universe, their fate and the fate of Earth lie in the hands of the first human ever recruited.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Peter Sarsgaard, Mark Strong, Tim Robbins


Blood and Bone: 2009 | R | 93 min | 7.335 rating
In Los Angeles, an ex-con takes the underground fighting world by storm in his quest to fulfill a promise to a dead friend.
Cast: Michael Jai White, Julian Sands, Eamonn Walker, Dante Basco, Nona Gaye


Akira: 1988 | R | 124 min | 7.945 rating
A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop.
Cast: Mitsuo Iwata, Nozomu Sasaki, Mami Koyama, Tessyo Genda, Koichi Kitamura


The Patriot: 2000 | R | 165 min | 7.173 rating
After proving himself on the field of battle in the French and Indian War, Benjamin Martin wants nothing more to do with such things, preferring the simple life of a farmer. But when his son Gabriel enlists in the army to defend their new nation, America, against the British, Benjamin reluctantly returns to his old life to protect his son.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Heath Ledger, Joely Richardson, Jason Isaacs, Chris Cooper


Guardians of the Galaxy: 2014 | PG-13 | 121 min | 7.906 rating
Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldaña, Dave Bautista, Vin Diesel, Bradley Cooper


Dick Tracy: 1990 | PG | 105 min | 6.1 rating
The comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when Breathless Mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle Big Boy Caprice's united mob.
Cast: Warren Beatty, Madonna, Al Pacino, Glenne Headly, Charlie Korsmo


Meet the Fockers: 2004 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.238 rating
Hard-to-crack ex-CIA man Jack Byrnes and his wife Dina head for the warmer climes of Florida to meet the parents of their son-in-law-to-be, Greg Focker. Unlike their happily matched offspring, the future in-laws find themselves in a situation of opposites that definitely do not attract.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman, Barbra Streisand, Blythe Danner


Vanguard: 2020 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.3 rating
Covert security company Vanguard is the last hope of survival for an accountant after he is targeted by the world's deadliest mercenary organization.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Yang Yang, Allen Ai Lun, Jackson Liu, Miya Muqi


Mississippi Burning: 1988 | R | 128 min | 7.672 rating
Two FBI agents investigating the murder of civil rights workers during the 60s seek to breach the conspiracy of silence in a small Southern town where segregation divides black and white. The younger agent trained in FBI school runs up against the small town ways of his partner, a former sheriff.
Cast: Gene Hackman, Willem Dafoe, Frances McDormand, Brad Dourif, R. Lee Ermey


Booksmart: 2019 |  | 102 min | 7.048 rating
Two academic teenage superstars realize, on the eve of their high school graduation, that they should have worked less and played more. Determined to never fall short of their peers, the girls set out on a mission to cram four years of fun into one night.
Cast: Beanie Feldstein, Kaitlyn Dever, Jessica Williams, Jason Sudeikis, Lisa Kudrow


What Lies Beneath: 2000 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.4 rating
When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Michelle Pfeiffer, Diana Scarwid, James Remar, Miranda Otto


Suburbicon: 2017 | R | 105 min | 5.875 rating
In the quiet family town of Suburbicon during the 1950s, the best and worst of humanity is hilariously reflected through the deeds of seemingly ordinary people. When a home invasion turns deadly, a picture-perfect family turns to blackmail, revenge and murder.
Cast: Matt Damon, Julianne Moore, Noah Jupe, Oscar Isaac, Landon Gordon


Pitch Perfect 3: 2017 | PG-13 | 93 min | 6.5 rating
After the highs of winning the world championships, the Bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth. But when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas USO tour, this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music, and some questionable decisions, one last time.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Elizabeth Banks


Snake Eyes: 1998 | R | 98 min | 6.2 rating
All bets are off when shady homicide cop Rick Santoro witnesses a murder during a boxing match. It's up to him and lifelong friend, Naval intelligence agent Kevin Dunne to uncover the conspiracy behind the killing. At every turn, Santoro makes increasingly shocking discoveries that even he can't turn a blind eye to.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Gary Sinise, Carla Gugino, John Heard, Stan Shaw


My Big Fat Greek Wedding 3: 2023 | PG-13 | 92 min | 6.613 rating
Following the death of their patriarch Gus, the Portokalos family travels to Greece for a family reunion, and to deliver Gus' journal to his old friends.
Cast: Nia Vardalos, John Corbett, Elena Kampouris, Lainie Kazan, Andrea Martin


Beyond the Reach: 2014 | R | 95 min | 5.9 rating
A high-rolling corporate shark and his impoverished young guide play the most dangerous game during a hunting trip in the Mojave Desert.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Jeremy Irvine, Hanna Mangan Lawrence, Ronny Cox, Martin Palmer


Colombiana: 2011 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.611 rating
After witnessing her parents’ murder as a child in Bogota, Cataleya Restrepo grows up to be a stone-cold assassin. She works for her uncle as a hitman by day, but her personal time is spent engaging in vigilante murders that she hopes will lead her to her ultimate target: the mobster responsible for her parents' death.
Cast: Zoe Saldaña, Cliff Curtis, Callum Blue, Michael Vartan, Lennie James


Step Brothers: 2008 | R | 98 min | 6.559 rating
Brennan Huff and Dale Doback might be grown men. But that doesn't stop them from living at home and turning into jealous, competitive stepbrothers when their single parents marry. Brennan's constant competition with Dale strains his mom's marriage to Dale's dad, leaving everyone to wonder whether they'll ever see eye to eye.
Cast: Will Ferrell, John C. Reilly, Mary Steenburgen, Richard Jenkins, Adam Scott


Planet Hulk: 2010 | PG-13 | 81 min | 7 rating
When the Hulk's presence on Earth becomes too great a risk, the Illuminati trick him to board a shuttle destined for a planet where he will be able to live in peace, and launch it into space. The Hulk's struggle to escape causes the shuttle to malfunction and crash land on the planet Sakaar, however, where he is sold into slavery and trained as a gladiator.
Cast: Rick D. Wasserman, Marc Worden, Mark Hildreth, Kevin Michael Richardson, Sam Vincent


Showgirls: 1995 | NC-17 | 131 min | 5.533 rating
A young drifter named Nomi arrives in Las Vegas to become a dancer. When she catches the eye of Cristal, the main attraction at the Stardust stage show, Nomi is on the brink of realizing her dreams. But as she bumps and grinds her way to the top, she realizes that there is only room for one starlet on the marquee... and that either she or Cristal will have to take a fall!
Cast: Elizabeth Berkley, Gina Gershon, Kyle MacLachlan, Gina Ravera, Glenn Plummer


Notorious: 2009 | R | 122 min | 6.913 rating
"Notorious" is the story of Christopher Wallace. Through raw talent and sheer determination, Wallace transforms himself from Brooklyn street hustler (once selling crack to pregnant women) to one of the greatest rappers of all time: The Notorious B.I.G. Follow his meteoric rise to fame and his refusal to succumb to expectations - redefining our notion of "The American Dream."
Cast: Jamal Woolard, Derek Luke, Naturi Naughton, Anthony Mackie, Antonique Smith


Nacho Libre: 2006 | PG | 92 min | 6.375 rating
Nacho Libre is loosely based on the story of Fray Tormenta ("Friar Storm"), aka Rev. Sergio Gutierrez Benitez, a real-life Mexican Catholic priest who had a 23-year career as a masked luchador. He competed in order to support the orphanage he directed.
Cast: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Héctor Jiménez, Darius Rose, Moisés Arias


Planes: 2013 | PG | 91 min | 5.9 rating
Dusty is a cropdusting plane who dreams of competing in a famous aerial race. The problem? He is hopelessly afraid of heights. With the support of his mentor Skipper and a host of new friends, Dusty sets off to make his dreams come true.
Cast: Dane Cook, Carlos Alazraqui, Val Kilmer, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Brad Garrett


Green Night: 2023 | NR | 92 min | 5.5 rating
Two lone female fighters who have learned to rely on no one but themselves venture into Seoul's underworld. In search of the big hit that could mean liberation from their useless husbands, these disparate women grow closer.
Cast: Fan Bingbing, Lee Joo-young, Kim Young-ho, Kim Min-gwi, Yun Ki-chang


Legend: 1985 | PG | 94 min | 6.219 rating
Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess  Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Mia Sara, Tim Curry, David Bennent, Alice Playten


Special Forces: 2011 | R | 109 min | 6.715 rating
Afghanistan. War correspondent Elsa Casanova is taken hostage by the Taliban. Faced with her imminent execution, a Special Forces unit is dispatched to free her. In some of the world’s most breathtaking yet hostile landscapes, a relentless pursuit begins between her kidnappers who have no intention of letting their prey escape them and a group of soldiers who risk their lives in pursuit of their single aim – to bring her home alive. This strong, independent woman and these men of duty are thrown together and forced to confront situations of great danger that inextricably bind them – emotionally, violently and intimately.
Cast: Diane Kruger, Djimon Hounsou, Benoît Magimel, Denis Ménochet, Raphaël Personnaz


Narc: 2002 | R | 105 min | 6.69 rating
When the trail goes cold on a murder investigation of a policeman, an undercover narcotics officer is lured back to the force to help solve the case.
Cast: Jason Patric, Ray Liotta, Chi McBride, Krista Bridges, John Ortiz


Prom Pact: 2023 |  | 98 min | 7.307 rating
It's prom season, and high school senior Mandy and her best friend and fellow outsider Ben are surrounded by over-the-top "promposals." Mandy is only focused on getting into her dream school Harvard, but as she starts tutoring basketball all-star Graham, she must re-evaluate whether her dream school is worth the cost of everything she believes in.
Cast: Peyton Elizabeth Lee, Milo Manheim, Blake Draper, Monique A. Green, Arica Himmel


The Student: 2015 | NR | 50 min | 4.9 rating
Lana, a teacher in high school, does not know what to do about Benny, a new student, who is an aggressive yet coldblooded alfa male. Benny intimidates her and she tries to escape his dark magnetism.
Cast: Halina Reijn, Thijs Boermans


The Christmas Retreat: 2022 |  | 90 min | 5.3 rating
When Kim's boyfriend breaks up with her instead of proposing, Kim's mom takes her away to a Christmas Retreat to reconnect with the spirit of the holiday. There she meets newly unemployed Mark.
Cast: Rhiannon Fish, Clayton James, Lynn Whyte, Marc Gaudet, Jonathan Purvis


Someone Great: 2019 |  | 92 min | 6.4 rating
An aspiring music journalist lands her dream job and is about to move to San Francisco when her boyfriend of nine years decides to call it quits. To nurse her broken heart, she and her two best friends spend one outrageous last adventure in New York City.
Cast: Gina Rodriguez, Brittany Snow, DeWanda Wise, Peter Vack, RuPaul


Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway: 2021 | PG | 93 min | 7.154 rating
Peter Rabbit runs away from his human family when he learns they are going to portray him in a bad light in their book. Soon, he crosses paths with an older rabbit who ropes him into a heist.
Cast: James Corden, Rose Byrne, Domhnall Gleeson, David Oyelowo, Margot Robbie


Alpha: 2018 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.494 rating
In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally.
Cast: Kodi Smit-McPhee, Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson, Marcin Kowalczyk, Jens Hultén, Natassia Malthe


Tad, the Lost Explorer and the Emerald Tablet: 2022 |  | 89 min | 7.6 rating
Tad accidentally unleashes an ancient spell, endangering the lives of his friends Mummy, Jeff, and Belzoni. With everyone against him and only helped by Sara, he sets off on an adventure to end the Curse of the Mummy.
Cast: Óscar Barberán, Luis Posada, Michelle Jenner, Anuska Alborg, Alexandra Jiménez


A Delicious Flight: 2015 | NR | 97 min | 4.2 rating
An innocent actress runs away from the scandal with an idol, the impudent idol that ruined her career, a passionate manager who is devoted to her and his ex-girlfriend who is now a sexy stewardess. These four that should never be together run into each other in an airplane. No one can run away and the most cheeky and erotic things happen here.
Cast: Son Woo-hyuk, Jeong Yoo-jin, Shin Yu-ju, Jeon Hyeon-soo, Baek In-Kwon


The Mist: 2007 | R | 126 min | 6.917 rating
After a violent storm, a dense cloud of mist envelops a small Maine town, trapping artist David Drayton and his five-year-old son in a local grocery store with other people. They soon discover that the mist conceals deadly horrors that threaten their lives, and worse, their sanity.
Cast: Thomas Jane, Laurie Holden, Toby Jones, Marcia Gay Harden, Andre Braugher


Hellhole: 2022 | R | 90 min | 6.055 rating
In a monastery cut off from the world, the monks run a clinic for the possessed. One day, a young policeman Marek comes to the convent. Posing as a clergyman, he penetrates monastic life and tries to explain the recent, mysterious disappearance of several tormented inmates. It turns out, however, that there is no way out of the monastery.
Cast: Piotr Żurawski, Olaf Lubaszenko, Sebastian Stankiewicz, Lech Dyblik, Rafał Iwaniuk


Tom and Jerry: Snowman's Land: 2022 | G | 76 min | 6.872 rating
It’s time to chase that holiday spirit with Tom and Jerry! With magic in the air, Jerry and his nephew, Tuffy, make a snow mouse that miraculously comes to life! To keep their new friend, Larry the snow mouse from melting, Tuffy and Jerry must race him to the fabled Snowman’s Village. In hot pursuit, Tom and devious Dr. Doublevay have their own plans for Larry’s magic.
Cast: Carlos Alazraqui, Kimberly Brooks, Joey D'Auria, Regi Davis, Laraine Newman


Freaks of Nature: 2015 | R | 92 min | 6.2 rating
In the town of Dillford, humans, vampires and zombies were all living in peace - until the alien apocalypse arrived. Now three teenagers-one human, one vampire, and one zombie-have to team up to figure out how to get rid of the visitors.
Cast: Nicholas Braun, Mackenzie Davis, Josh Fadem, Vanessa Hudgens, Ed Westwick


American Assassin: 2017 | R | 112 min | 6.402 rating
Following the murder of his fiancée, Mitch Rapp trains under the instruction of Cold War veteran Stan Hurley. The pair then is enlisted to investigate a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets.
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Michael Keaton, Taylor Kitsch, Shiva Negar, Sanaa Lathan


Scrooge: 1951 | PG | 86 min | 7.373 rating
Ebenezer Scrooge malcontentedly shuffles through life as a cruel, miserly businessman; until he is visited by three spirits on Christmas Eve who show him how his unhappy childhood and adult behavior has left him a selfish, lonely old man.
Cast: Alastair Sim, Mervyn Johns, Glyn Dearman, George Cole, Brian Worth


The Secret Life of Walter Mitty: 2013 | PG | 114 min | 7.2 rating
A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Kristen Wiig, Sean Penn, Shirley MacLaine, Adam Scott


The Report: 2019 |  | 118 min | 7.043 rating
The story of Daniel Jones, lead investigator for the US Senate’s sweeping study into the CIA's Detention and Interrogation Program, which was found to be brutal, immoral and ineffective. With the truth at stake, Jones battled tirelessly to make public what many in power sought to keep hidden.
Cast: Adam Driver, Annette Bening, Jon Hamm, Sarah Goldberg, Michael C. Hall


Zookeeper: 2011 | PG | 102 min | 5.429 rating
Kindhearted Griffin Keyes is one of the best-loved caretakers at the Franklin Park Zoo, but since he is more comfortable with the animals than with females of his own species, his love life is lacking. When Griffin decides that the only way to get a girlfriend is to find a more-glamorous career, the animals panic. To keep him from leaving, they reveal their secret ability to talk and offer to teach him the rules of courtship, animal-style.
Cast: Kevin James, Rosario Dawson, Leslie Bibb, Joe Rogan, Nat Faxon


Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules: 2022 | PG | 74 min | 7 rating
A new school year, his brother Rodrick teases him over and over and over and over again. Will Greg manage to get along with him? Or will a secret ruin everything?
Cast: Brady Noon, Hunter Dillon, Ethan William Childress, Erica Cerra, Chris Diamantopoulos


Stan & Ollie: 2018 | PG | 98 min | 6.977 rating
With their golden era long behind them, comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida – a formidable double act in their own right – the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public
Cast: Steve Coogan, John C. Reilly, Shirley Henderson, Nina Arianda, Rufus Jones


Pineapple Express: 2008 | R | 111 min | 6.6 rating
A stoner and his dealer are forced to go on the run from the police after the pothead witnesses a cop commit a murder.
Cast: Seth Rogen, James Franco, Gary Cole, Danny McBride, Rosie Perez


Krampus: The Christmas Devil: 2013 | NC-17 | 83 min | 3.886 rating
Jeremy, a local police officer leads a life of a confusing past, spending his current time searching for his kidnapper as a child. After other children begin missing, Jeremy pieces together the truth and realizes that his childhood kidnapper could be a creature of ancient yuletide lore, Krampus, who is the brother of St. Nick, and punisher of children who perform acts of unspeakable evil without repercussion. Can Jeremy kill Krampus and prevent more missing children?
Cast: Bill Oberst Jr., Samantha Hoepfl, Erica Soto, Annette Lawless, Angelina Leigh


Sleepless: 2017 | R | 95 min | 5.911 rating
Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Downs, who has got a lot of enemies, is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob-controlled casino underground. When a heist goes wrong, a crew of homicidal gangsters get T, Downs’ teenage son. In one sleepless night, he will have to rescue his son T (whom they got), evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Michelle Monaghan, Dermot Mulroney, Scoot McNairy, David Harbour


Pokémon the Movie 2000: 1999 | G | 84 min | 6.7 rating
When Lawrence III's scheme to capture the Legendary Pokémon Lugia upsets the balance of nature, it is up to Ash Ketchum and his friends to save the world.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Mayumi Izuka, Satomi Korogi, Tomokazu Seki


The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie: 2004 | PG | 87 min | 7.004 rating
There's trouble brewing in Bikini Bottom. Someone has stolen King Neptune's crown, and it looks like Mr. Krab, SpongeBob's boss, is the culprit. Though he's just been passed over for the promotion of his dreams, SpongeBob stands by his boss, and along with his best pal Patrick, sets out on a treacherous mission to Shell City to reclaim the crown and save Mr. Krab's life.
Cast: Tom Kenny, Clancy Brown, Rodger Bumpass, Bill Fagerbakke, Mr. Lawrence


Rio Bravo: 1959 | NR | 141 min | 7.84 rating
The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach.
Cast: John Wayne, Dean Martin, Ricky Nelson, Angie Dickinson, Walter Brennan


Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle: 2018 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.491 rating
A human child raised by wolves, must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan, as well as his own origins.
Cast: Rohan Chand, Christian Bale, Andy Serkis, Benedict Cumberbatch, Cate Blanchett


Tinker Bell and the Pirate Fairy: 2014 | G | 78 min | 6.924 rating
Zarina, a smart and ambitious dust-keeper fairy who’s captivated by Blue Pixie Dust and its endless possibilities, flees Pixie Hollow and joins forces with the scheming pirates of Skull Rock, who make her captain of their ship. Tinker Bell and her friends must embark on an epic adventure to find Zarina, and together they go sword-to-sword with the band of pirates led by a cabin boy named James, who’ll soon be known as Captain Hook himself.
Cast: Mae Whitman, Christina Hendricks, Tom Hiddleston, Lucy Liu, Raven-Symoné


Mortal Engines: 2018 | PG-13 | 129 min | 6.18 rating
Many thousands of years in the future, Earth’s cities roam the globe on huge wheels, devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities, the old London, Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever.
Cast: Hera Hilmar, Robert Sheehan, Hugo Weaving, Jihae, Ronan Raftery


Step Up All In: 2014 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.8 rating
All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers.
Cast: Briana Evigan, Ryan Guzman, Chaton Anderson, Stephen 'tWitch' Boss, Misha Gabriel


12 Years a Slave: 2013 | R | 134 min | 7.945 rating
In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon’s chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life.
Cast: Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Lupita Nyong'o, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Dano


Sudden Impact: 1983 | R | 117 min | 6.557 rating
When a young rape victim takes justice into her own hands and becomes a serial killer, it's up to Dirty Harry Callahan, on suspension from the SFPD, to bring her to justice.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Sondra Locke, Pat Hingle, Bradford Dillman, Paul Drake


Special Delivery: 2022 | NR | 109 min | 7.1 rating
A black-market cabbie drives criminals at breakneck speeds until she is left in charge of a fugitive's son.
Cast: Park So-dam, Kim Eui-sung, Song Sae-byuk, Yeom Hye-ran, Jung Hyeon-jun


The Estate: 2022 | R | 96 min | 5.6 rating
Two sisters attempt to win over their terminally ill, difficult-to-please aunt in hopes of becoming the beneficiaries of her wealthy estate, only to find the rest of their greedy family members have the same idea.
Cast: Toni Collette, Anna Faris, David Duchovny, Rosemarie DeWitt, Kathleen Turner


Jeremiah Johnson: 1972 | PG | 108 min | 7.298 rating
A mountain man who wishes to live the life of a hermit becomes the unwilling object of a long vendetta by Indians when he proves to be the match of their warriors in one-to-one combat on the early frontier.
Cast: Robert Redford, Will Geer, Delle Bolton, Josh Albee, Joaquín Martínez


Seven Years in Tibet: 1997 | PG-13 | 136 min | 7.172 rating
Austrian mountaineer, Heinrich Harrer journeys to the Himalayas without his family to head an expedition in 1939. But when World War II breaks out, the arrogant Harrer falls into Allied forces' hands as a prisoner of war. He escapes with a fellow detainee and makes his way to Llaso, Tibet, where he meets the 14-year-old Dalai Lama, whose friendship ultimately transforms his outlook on life.
Cast: Brad Pitt, Jamyang Jamtsho Wangchuk, David Thewlis, BD Wong, Mako


Dogman: 2023 |  | 114 min | 7.4 rating
A boy, bruised by life, finds his salvation through the love of his dogs.
Cast: Caleb Landry Jones, Jojo T. Gibbs, Christopher Denham, Grace Palma, Clemens Schick


Notting Hill: 1999 | PG-13 | 124 min | 7.262 rating
William Thacker is a London bookstore owner whose humdrum existence is thrown into romantic turmoil when famous American actress Anna Scott appears in his shop. A chance encounter over spilled orange juice leads to a kiss that blossoms into a full-blown affair. As the average bloke and glamorous movie star draw closer and closer together, they struggle to reconcile their radically different lifestyles in the name of love.
Cast: Julia Roberts, Hugh Grant, Gina McKee, Tim McInnerny, Rhys Ifans


Book Club: The Next Chapter: 2023 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.584 rating
Four best friends take their book club to Italy for the fun girls' trip they never had. When things go off the rails and secrets are revealed, their relaxing vacation turns into a once-in-a-lifetime cross-country adventure.
Cast: Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda, Candice Bergen, Mary Steenburgen, Andy García


Drive Angry: 2011 | R | 105 min | 5.473 rating
Milton is a hardened felon who has broken out of Hell, intent on finding the vicious cult who brutally murdered his daughter and kidnapped her baby. He joins forces with a sexy, tough-as-nails waitress, who's also seeking redemption of her own. Caught in a deadly race against time, Milton has three days to avoid capture, avenge his daughter's death, and save her baby before she's mercilessly sacrificed by the cult.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Amber Heard, William Fichtner, Billy Burke, David Morse


Killers: 2010 | PG-13 | 100 min | 5.955 rating
When an elite assassin marries a beautiful computer whiz after a whirlwind romance, he gives up the gun and settles down with his new bride. That is, until he learns that someone from his past has put a contract out on his life.
Cast: Ashton Kutcher, Katherine Heigl, Tom Selleck, Catherine O'Hara, Katheryn Winnick


The French Connection: 1971 | R | 104 min | 7.542 rating
Tough narcotics detective 'Popeye' Doyle is in hot pursuit of a suave French drug dealer who may be the key to a huge heroin-smuggling operation.
Cast: Gene Hackman, Fernando Rey, Roy Scheider, Tony Lo Bianco, Marcel Bozzuffi


Wild Child: 2008 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.7 rating
Sixteen-year-old Poppy has everything her unlimited credit cards can buy, and a spoiled attitude to match. After a final thoughtless prank, her exasperated father ships her off to boarding school in England. There, Poppy meets her match in a stern headmistress and a class full of girls who will not tolerate her selfishness.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Alex Pettyfer, Natasha Richardson, Kimberley Nixon, Juno Temple


Fright Night: 1985 | R | 107 min | 7.032 rating
Charley Brewster, a high school student, accidentally discovers the true and creepy nature of Jerry Dandrige, his dashing and enigmatic new neighbor; but no one seems willing to believe him.
Cast: Chris Sarandon, William Ragsdale, Amanda Bearse, Roddy McDowall, Stephen Geoffreys


Gia: 1998 | R | 120 min | 7.112 rating
Gia Carangi travels to New York City with dreams of becoming a fashion model. Within minutes of arriving, she meets Wilhelmina Cooper, a wise and high-powered agent who takes Gia under her wing. With Cooper's help and her own natural instincts, Gia quickly shoots to the top of the modeling world. When Cooper dies of lung cancer, however, Gia turns to drugs – and both she and her career begin to spiral out of control.
Cast: Angelina Jolie, Elizabeth Mitchell, Eric Michael Cole, Kylie Travis, Louis Giambalvo


The Virgin Suicides: 1999 | R | 97 min | 7.088 rating
A group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict, religious parents.
Cast: James Woods, Kathleen Turner, Kirsten Dunst, Josh Hartnett, Michael Paré


I Still Believe: 2020 | PG | 115 min | 7.6 rating
The true-life story of Christian music star Jeremy Camp and his journey of love and loss that looks to prove there is always hope.
Cast: K.J. Apa, Britt Robertson, Nathan Parsons, Gary Sinise, Shania Twain


Hustlers: 2019 | R | 110 min | 6.486 rating
A crew of savvy former strip club employees band together to turn the tables on their Wall Street clients.
Cast: Constance Wu, Jennifer Lopez, Julia Stiles, Keke Palmer, Lili Reinhart


What Lies Beneath: 2000 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.4 rating
When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Michelle Pfeiffer, Diana Scarwid, James Remar, Miranda Otto


Friday the 13th Part 2: 1981 | R | 86 min | 6.163 rating
Five years after the horrible bloodbath at Camp Crystal Lake, a new group of counselors roam the area, not sensing an ominous lurking presence that proves the grisly legend is real.
Cast: Amy Steel, Stuart Charno, Kirsten Baker, Warrington Gillette, Lauren-Marie Taylor


Vanilla Sky: 2001 | R | 136 min | 6.818 rating
David Aames has it all: wealth, good looks and gorgeous women on his arm. But just as he begins falling for the warmhearted Sofia, his face is horribly disfigured in a car accident. That's just the beginning of his troubles as the lines between illusion and reality, between life and death, are blurred.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Penélope Cruz, Cameron Diaz, Kurt Russell, Jason Lee


Death Race: 2008 | R | 105 min | 6.3 rating
Terminal Island, New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation, which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates, a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular, enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race', the biggest, most brutal event.
Cast: Jason Statham, Joan Allen, Ian McShane, Tyrese Gibson, Natalie Martinez


The Texas Chain Saw Massacre: 1974 | R | 83 min | 7.29 rating
Five friends head out to rural Texas to visit the grave of a grandfather. On the way they stumble across what appears to be a deserted house, only to discover something sinister within. Something armed with a chainsaw.
Cast: Marilyn Burns, Allen Danziger, Paul A. Partain, William Vail, Teri McMinn


The Homesman: 2014 |  | 122 min | 6.551 rating
When three women living on the edge of the American frontier are driven mad by harsh pioneer life, the task of saving them falls to the pious, independent-minded Mary Bee Cuddy. Transporting the women by covered wagon to Iowa, she soon realizes just how daunting the journey will be, and employs a low-life drifter, George Briggs, to join her. The unlikely pair and the three women head east, where a waiting minister and his wife have offered to take the women in. But the group first must traverse the harsh Nebraska Territories marked by stark beauty, psychological peril and constant threat.
Cast: Hilary Swank, Tommy Lee Jones, Grace Gummer, Miranda Otto, Sonja Richter


The Kid: 1921 |  | 68 min | 8.194 rating
A tramp cares for a boy after he's abandoned as a newborn by his mother. Later the mother has a change of heart and aches to be reunited with her son.
Cast: Charlie Chaplin, Jackie Coogan, Edna Purviance, Carl Miller, Albert Austin


The Cat Returns: 2002 | G | 75 min | 7.2 rating
Young Haru rescues a cat from being run over, but soon learns it's no ordinary feline; it happens to be the Prince of the Cats.
Cast: Chizuru Ikewaki, Yoshihiko Hakamada, Aki Maeda, Takayuki Yamada, Hitomi Sato


Walking Tall: 2004 | PG-13 | 86 min | 6.3 rating
A former U.S. soldier returns to his hometown to find it overrun by crime and corruption, which prompts him to clean house.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Johnny Knoxville, Neal McDonough, Kristen Wilson, Ashley Scott


Christmas ...Again?!: 2021 | G | 94 min | 6.704 rating
Rowena "Ro" is a high-spirited 11-year-old hoping to add more spunk to her Christmas celebrations when her parents’ divorce is going anything but smoothly.
Cast: Scarlett Estevez, Daniel Sunjata, Alexis Carra, Priscilla Lopez, Ashlynn Jade Lopez


12.12: The Day: 2023 | NR | 142 min | 9.7 rating
After the assassination of President Park, martial law has been declared. A coup d’état bursts out by Defense Security Commander Chun Doo-gwang and a private band of officers following him. Capital Defense Commander Lee Tae-shin, an obstinate soldier who believes the military should not take political actions, fights against Chun Doo-gwang to stop him. The conflict between the two grows while military leaders are holding their decision and Defense Minister is gone. In the midst of chaos, the spring of Seoul that everyone longed for heads to unexpected direction.
Cast: Hwang Jung-min, Jung Woo-sung, Lee Sung-min, Park Hae-jun, Kim Sung-kyun


Argylle: 2024 |  | 135 min | 0 rating
When the plots of reclusive author Elly Conway's fictional espionage novels begin to mirror the covert actions of a real-life spy organization, quiet evenings at home become a thing of the past. Accompanied by her cat Alfie and Aiden, a cat-allergic spy, Elly races across the world to stay one step ahead of the killers as the line between Conway's fictional world and her real one begins to blur.
Cast: Henry Cavill, Bryce Dallas Howard, Sam Rockwell, Bryan Cranston, Catherine O'Hara


Lucky: 2017 |  | 88 min | 7.363 rating
Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration.
Cast: Harry Dean Stanton, David Lynch, Ron Livingston, Ed Begley Jr., Tom Skerritt


The Greatest Showman: 2017 | PG | 105 min | 7.905 rating
The story of American showman P.T. Barnum, founder of the circus that became the famous traveling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron, Michelle Williams, Rebecca Ferguson, Zendaya


Poker Face: 2022 |  | 95 min | 5.588 rating
A yearly high-stakes poker game between childhood friends turns into chaos when the tech billionaire host unveils an elaborate scheme to seek revenge for the ways they've betrayed him over the years. But as his plans unfold, a group of thieves hatch plans of their own breaking into the mansion thinking it is empty. The old friends quickly band together and the years of playing the game help them win their way through a night of terror.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Liam Hemsworth, RZA, Brooke Satchwell, Aden Young


Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows: 2011 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.134 rating
There is a new criminal mastermind at large (Professor Moriarty) and not only is he Holmes’ intellectual equal, but his capacity for evil and lack of conscience may give him an advantage over the  detective.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law, Noomi Rapace, Jared Harris, Rachel McAdams


Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri: 2017 | R | 115 min | 8.081 rating
After seven months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at Bill Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Jason Dixon, an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.
Cast: Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, Sam Rockwell, Lucas Hedges, Abbie Cornish


Diamonds Are Forever: 1971 | PG | 120 min | 6.397 rating
Diamonds are stolen only to be sold again in the international market. James Bond infiltrates a smuggling mission to find out who's guilty. The mission takes him to Las Vegas where Bond meets his archenemy Blofeld.
Cast: Sean Connery, Jill St. John, Charles Gray, Lana Wood, Jimmy Dean


The Princess Switch: 2018 | PG | 101 min | 7.012 rating
When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places.
Cast: Vanessa Hudgens, Sam Palladio, Nick Sagar, Alexa Adeosun, Suanne Braun


Spy Kids: All the Time in the World: 2011 | PG | 89 min | 4.7 rating
Eight years after the third film, the OSS has become the world's top spy agency, while the Spy Kids department has since become defunct. A retired spy Marissa is thrown back into the action along with her stepchildren when a maniacal Timekeeper attempts to take over the world. In order to save the world, Rebecca and Cecil must team up with their hated stepmother. Carmen and Juni have since also grown up and will provide gadgets to them.
Cast: Jessica Alba, Joel McHale, Rowan Blanchard, Mason Cook, Jeremy Piven


Paycheck: 2003 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.187 rating
Michael Jennings is a genius who's hired – and paid handsomely – by high-tech firms to work on highly sensitive projects, after which his short-term memory is erased so he's incapable of breaching security. But at the end of a three-year job, he's told he isn't getting a paycheck and instead receives a mysterious envelope. In it are clues he must piece together to find out why he wasn't paid – and why he's now in hot water.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Uma Thurman, Aaron Eckhart, Paul Giamatti, Colm Feore


Anastasia: 1997 | G | 94 min | 7.611 rating
In this animated, optimistic retelling of one of the greatest myths in history, the evil wizard Rasputin puts a hex on the royal Romanovs and young Anastasia is lost when their palace is overrun. Ten years later, the Grand Duchess offers a reward for Anastasia's return. Two scheming Russians, planning to pawn off a phony, hold auditions and choose an orphan girl with a remarkable resemblance to the missing princess. They bring her to Paris for the reward, unaware she's the real Anastasia.
Cast: Meg Ryan, John Cusack, Kelsey Grammer, Christopher Lloyd, Hank Azaria


Back to the Future Part II: 1989 | PG | 108 min | 7.8 rating
Marty and Doc are at it again in this wacky sequel to the 1985 blockbuster as the time-traveling duo head to 2015 to nip some McFly family woes in the bud. But things go awry thanks to bully Biff Tannen and a pesky sports almanac. In a last-ditch attempt to set things straight, Marty finds himself bound for 1955 and face to face with his teenage parents -- again.
Cast: Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Thomas F. Wilson, Elisabeth Shue


Mafia Mamma: 2023 | R | 101 min | 6.214 rating
A suburban American woman inherits her grandfather’s Mafia empire and, guided by the Firm’s trusted consigliere, defies everyone’s expectations, including her own, as the new head of the family business.
Cast: Toni Collette, Monica Bellucci, Sophia Nomvete, Alessandro Bressanello, Eduardo Scarpetta


Frosty the Snowman: 1969 | G | 25 min | 6.985 rating
A discarded silk top-hat becomes the focus of a struggle between a washed-up stage magician and a group of schoolchildren, after it magically brings a snowman to life. Realizing that newly-living Frosty will melt in spring unless he takes refuge in a colder climate, Frosty and Karen, a young girl who he befriends, stow away on a freight train headed for the north pole. Little do they know that the magician is following them, and he wants his hat back!
Cast: Jackie Vernon, Jimmy Durante, Billy De Wolfe, Paul Frees, June Foray


The X Files: 1998 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.8 rating
Mulder and Scully, now taken off the FBI's X Files cases, must find a way to fight the shadowy elements of the government to find out the truth about a conspiracy that might mean the alien colonization of Earth.
Cast: David Duchovny, Gillian Anderson, Mitch Pileggi, William B. Davis, John Neville


The Dictator: 2012 | R | 83 min | 6.178 rating
The heroic story of a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.
Cast: Sacha Baron Cohen, Ben Kingsley, Anna Faris, Jason Mantzoukas, Sayed Badreya


Grimsby: 2016 | R | 83 min | 5.94 rating
Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 assassin joins forces with his long-lost, football hooligan brother to save the world from a sinister plot.
Cast: Sacha Baron Cohen, Mark Strong, Isla Fisher, Penélope Cruz, Rebel Wilson


Donnie Darko: 2001 | R | 114 min | 7.783 rating
After narrowly escaping a bizarre accident, a troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a large bunny rabbit that manipulates him to commit a series of crimes.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Jena Malone, James Duval, Drew Barrymore, Beth Grant


Casino: 1995 | R | 179 min | 8.011 rating
In early-1970s Las Vegas, Sam "Ace" Rothstein gets tapped by his bosses to head the Tangiers Casino. At first, he's a great success in the job, but over the years, problems with his loose-cannon enforcer Nicky Santoro, his ex-hustler wife Ginger, her con-artist ex Lester Diamond and a handful of corrupt politicians put Sam in ever-increasing danger.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Sharon Stone, Joe Pesci, James Woods, Don Rickles


Sweet November: 2001 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.872 rating
Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising career in San Francisco. One day, while taking a driving test at the DMV, he meets Sara. She is very different from the other women in his life. Nelson causes her to miss out on taking the test and later that day she tracks him down. One thing leads to another and Nelson ends up living with her through a November that will change his life forever.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Charlize Theron, Jason Isaacs, Greg Germann, Lauren Graham


Demonic: 2021 | R | 104 min | 4.9 rating
A young woman unleashes terrifying demons when supernatural forces at the root of a decades-old rift between mother and daughter are ruthlessly revealed.
Cast: Carly Pope, Nathalie Boltt, Chris William Martin, Michael J Rogers, Kandyse McClure


The Big Night: 1959 | NR | 95 min | 6.5 rating
The exploits of three young Roman criminals are chronicled in this socially conscious drama. The young men commit petty crimes all day begin with arms theft, and culminating with a night with three streetwalkers. After their pleasure, the boys try to cheat the hookers, but they ladies are smarter than that and have stolen their cash ahead of time.  It's back to the city for the boys, where they continue their destructive games...
Cast: Laurent Terzieff, Jean-Claude Brialy, Franco Interlenghi, Rosanna Schiaffino, Elsa Martinelli


Mean Girls: 2024 | PG-13 | 118 min | 0 rating
New student Cady Heron is welcomed into the top of the social food chain by the elite group of popular girls called ‘The Plastics,’ ruled by the conniving queen bee Regina George and her minions Gretchen and Karen. However, when Cady makes the major misstep of falling for Regina’s ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels, she finds herself prey in Regina’s crosshairs. As Cady sets to take down the group’s apex predator with the help of her outcast friends Janis and Damian, she must learn how to stay true to herself while navigating the most cutthroat jungle of all: high school.
Cast: Reneé Rapp, Angourie Rice, Avantika, Bebe Wood, Auli'i Cravalho


Rurouni Kenshin: The Final: 2021 | PG-13 | 138 min | 7.733 rating
In 1879, Kenshin and his allies face their strongest enemy yet: his former brother-in-law Enishi Yukishiro and his minions, who've vowed their revenge.
Cast: Takeru Satoh, Emi Takei, Mackenyu, Munetaka Aoki, Yu Aoi


G.I. Jane: 1997 | R | 125 min | 6.4 rating
In response to political pressure from Senator Lillian DeHaven, the U.S. Navy begins a program that would allow for the eventual integration of women into its services. The program begins with a single trial candidate, Lieutenant Jordan O'Neil, who is chosen specifically for her femininity. O'Neil enters the grueling training program under the command of Master Chief John James Urgayle, who unfairly pushes O'Neil until her determination wins his respect.
Cast: Demi Moore, Viggo Mortensen, Morris Chestnut, Josh Hopkins, David Vadim


The Melodic Blue: Baby Keem: 2023 |  | 20 min | 8 rating
Keem’s internal battle leads us through fragments of memory and temptation as he navigates the depths of The Melodic Blue.
Cast: Baby Keem, Amandla Stenberg, Shakira Ja'nai Paye, Francis Lovehall, Séréna Sy


Paradise City: 2022 | R | 93 min | 5.7 rating
Renegade bounty hunter Ryan Swan must carve his way through the Hawaiian crime world to wreak vengeance on the kingpin who murdered his father.
Cast: John Travolta, Bruce Willis, Blake Jenner, Stephen Dorff, Corey Large


The Haunted Mansion: 2003 | PG | 88 min | 5.645 rating
Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner Sara get a call one night from  a mansion owner, Edward Gracey, who wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion, a torrential thunderstorm of mysterious origin strands them with the brooding, eccentric Gracey, his mysterious butler, and a variety of residents both seen and unseen.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Marsha Thomason, Terence Stamp, Nathaniel Parker, Jennifer Tilly


Brazen: 2022 |  | 94 min | 4.903 rating
Mystery writer Grace Miller has killer instincts when it comes to motive - and she'll need every bit of expertise to help solve her sister's murder.
Cast: Alyssa Milano, Sam Page, Malachi Weir, Emilie Ullerup, Matthew Finlan


Bicentennial Man: 1999 | PG | 131 min | 7.241 rating
Richard Martin buys a gift, a new NDR-114 robot. The product is named Andrew by the youngest of the family's children. "Bicentennial Man" follows the life and times of Andrew, a robot purchased as a household appliance programmed to perform menial tasks. As Andrew begins to experience emotions and creative thought, the Martin family soon discovers they don't have an ordinary robot.
Cast: Robin Williams, Embeth Davidtz, Sam Neill, Oliver Platt, Kiersten Warren


Samaritan: 2022 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.8 rating
Thirteen year old Sam Cleary suspects that his mysteriously reclusive neighbor Mr. Smith is actually the legendary vigilante Samaritan, who was reported dead 25 years ago. With crime on the rise and the city on the brink of chaos, Sam makes it his mission to coax his neighbor out of hiding to save the city from ruin.
Cast: Javon Walton, Sylvester Stallone, Dascha Polanco, Moisés Arias, Pilou Asbæk


The Invitation: 2022 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.237 rating
After the death of her mother, Evie is approached by an unknown cousin who invites her to a lavish wedding in the English countryside. Soon, she realizes a gothic conspiracy is afoot and must fight for survival as she uncovers twisted secrets in her family’s history.
Cast: Nathalie Emmanuel, Thomas Doherty, Sean Pertwee, Hugh Skinner, Carol Ann Crawford


Superintelligence: 2020 | PG | 106 min | 5.984 rating
When an all-powerful Superintelligence chooses to study the most average person on Earth, Carol Peters, the fate of the world hangs in the balance. As the A.I. decides to enslave, save or destroy humanity, it’s up to Carol to prove that people are worth saving.
Cast: Melissa McCarthy, James Corden, Bobby Cannavale, Brian Tyree Henry, Sam Richardson


Escape Room: 2019 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.5 rating
Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive.
Cast: Taylor Russell, Logan Miller, Jay Ellis, Deborah Ann Woll, Nik Dodani


Pale Rider: 1985 | R | 115 min | 7.159 rating
A mysterious preacher protects a humble prospector village from a greedy mining company trying to encroach on their land.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Michael Moriarty, Carrie Snodgress, Chris Penn, Richard Dysart


The Fabelmans: 2022 | PG-13 | 151 min | 7.71 rating
Growing up in post-World War II era Arizona, young Sammy Fabelman aspires to become a filmmaker as he reaches adolescence, but soon discovers a shattering family secret and explores how the power of films can help him see the truth.
Cast: Gabriel LaBelle, Michelle Williams, Paul Dano, Seth Rogen, Judd Hirsch


Once Upon a Time in the West: 1968 |  | 166 min | 8.289 rating
As the railroad builders advance unstoppably through the Arizona desert on their way to the sea, Jill arrives in the small town of Flagstone with the intention of starting a new life.
Cast: Claudia Cardinale, Henry Fonda, Jason Robards, Charles Bronson, Gabriele Ferzetti


Dressed to Kill: 1980 | R | 105 min | 6.927 rating
After witnessing a mysterious woman brutally slay a homemaker, prostitute Liz Blake finds herself trapped in a dangerous situation. While the police thinks she is the murderer, the real killer is intent on silencing her only witness.
Cast: Michael Caine, Angie Dickinson, Nancy Allen, Keith Gordon, Dennis Franz


Escape Plan 2: Hades: 2018 | R | 96 min | 5.2 rating
Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his most trusted operative, Shu Ren, is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built, Ray must track him down with the help of some of his former friends.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Dave Bautista, Jesse Metcalfe, 50 Cent, Huang Xiaoming


Midnight Sun: 2018 | PG-13 | 91 min | 7.791 rating
Katie, a 17-year-old, has been sheltered since childhood and confined to her house during the day by a rare disease that makes even the smallest amount of sunlight deadly. Fate intervenes when she meets Charlie and they embark on a summer romance.
Cast: Bella Thorne, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Rob Riggle, Quinn Shephard, Ken Tremblett


The Man Who Killed Don Quixote: 2018 | NR | 133 min | 6.771 rating
Toby, a cynical film director finds himself trapped in the outrageous delusions of an old Spanish shoe-maker who believes himself to be Don Quixote. In the course of their comic and increasingly surreal adventures, Toby is forced to confront the tragic repercussions of a film he made in his idealistic youth.
Cast: Adam Driver, Jonathan Pryce, Stellan Skarsgård, Jordi Mollà, Joana Ribeiro


Heist: 2015 | R | 93 min | 6.095 rating
A father is without the means to pay for his daughter's medical treatment. As a last resort, he partners with a greedy co-worker to rob a casino. When things go awry they're forced to hijack a city bus.
Cast: Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Robert De Niro, Kate Bosworth, Dave Bautista, Gina Carano


The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water: 2015 | PG | 93 min | 6.063 rating
Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of the final page of a magical book that makes any evil plan he writes in it come true, which happens to be the Krabby Patty secret formula. When the entire city of Bikini Bottom is put in danger, SpongeBob, Patrick, Mr. Krabs, Squidward, Sandy, and Plankton need to go on a quest that takes them to the surface. In order to get back the recipe and save their city, the gang must retrieve the book and transform themselves into superheroes.
Cast: Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence


Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines: 2003 | R | 109 min | 6.147 rating
It's been 10 years since John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day, and he's now living under the radar, steering clear of using anything Skynet can trace. That is, until he encounters T-X, a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started. Good thing Connor's former nemesis, the Terminator, is back to aid the now-adult Connor … just like he promised.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Nick Stahl, Claire Danes, Kristanna Loken, Earl Boen


The Kissing Booth 3: 2021 |  | 112 min | 6.953 rating
It’s the summer before Elle heads to college, and she has a secret decision to make. Elle has been accepted into Harvard, where boyfriend Noah is matriculating, and also Berkeley, where her BFF Lee is headed and has to decide if she should stay or not.
Cast: Joey King, Joel Courtney, Jacob Elordi, Molly Ringwald, Taylor Zakhar Perez


Berserk: The Golden Age Arc II - The Battle for Doldrey: 2012 | R | 98 min | 7.308 rating
The Band of the Hawk participates in the Midland war campaign. On the bloody battlefield, they conquer decisive victories that lead them to Doldrey, an old fortress that will decide the outcome of the war.
Cast: Hiroaki Iwanaga, Takahiro Sakurai, Toa Yukinari, Takahiro Fujiwara, Yuki Kaji


The Ridiculous 6: 2015 | PG-13 | 119 min | 5.203 rating
When his long-lost outlaw father returns, Tommy "White Knife" Stockburn goes on an adventure-filled journey across the Old West with his five brothers.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Steve Buscemi, Steve Zahn, David Spade


Journey to the Center of the Earth: 2008 | PG | 93 min | 6.064 rating
On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Josh Hutcherson, Anita Briem, Seth Meyers, Jean Michel Paré


Fortress: Sniper's Eye: 2022 | R | 87 min | 5.386 rating
Weeks after the deadly assault on Fortress Camp, Robert makes a daring rescue to save Sasha, the widow of his old nemesis Balzary. But back in the camp's command bunker, it appears Sasha may have devious plans of her own. As a new attack breaks out, Robert is confronted with a familiar face he thought he'd never see again…
Cast: Chad Michael Murray, Bruce Willis, Jesse Metcalfe, Kelly Greyson, Ser'Darius Blain


Crank: High Voltage: 2009 | R | 96 min | 6.1 rating
Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working.
Cast: Jason Statham, Amy Smart, David Carradine, Dwight Yoakam, Bai Ling


Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure: 2009 | G | 81 min | 6.8 rating
A blue harvest moon will rise, allowing the fairies to use a precious moonstone to restore the Pixie Dust Tree, the source of all their magic. But when Tinker Bell accidentally puts all of Pixie Hollow in jeopardy, she must venture out across the sea on a secret quest to set things right.
Cast: Mae Whitman, Jesse McCartney, Jane Horrocks, Lucy Liu, Raven-Symoné


Reminiscence: 2021 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.655 rating
Nicolas Bannister, a rugged and solitary veteran living in a near-future Miami flooded by rising seas, is an expert in a dangerous occupation: he offers clients the chance to relive any memory they desire. His life changes when he meets a mysterious young woman named Mae. What begins as a simple matter of lost and found becomes a passionate love affair. But when a different client's memories implicate Mae in a series of violent crimes, Bannister must delve through the dark world of the past to uncover the truth about the woman he fell for.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Rebecca Ferguson, Thandiwe Newton, Cliff Curtis, Marina de Tavira


Life of Brian: 1979 | R | 94 min | 7.8 rating
Brian Cohen is an average young Jewish man, but through a series of ridiculous events, he gains a reputation as the Messiah. When he's not dodging his followers or being scolded by his shrill mother, the hapless Brian has to contend with the pompous Pontius Pilate and acronym-obsessed members of a separatist movement. Rife with Monty Python's signature absurdity, the tale finds Brian's life paralleling Biblical lore, albeit with many more laughs.
Cast: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones


Bad Boys: 1995 | R | 119 min | 6.792 rating
Marcus Burnett is a henpecked family man. Mike Lowry is a footloose and fancy free ladies' man. Both Miami policemen, they have 72 hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station's nose. To complicate matters, in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder, they have to pretend to be each other.
Cast: Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, Téa Leoni, Tchéky Karyo, Joe Pantoliano


Extreme Measures: 1996 | R | 118 min | 5.965 rating
Guy Luthan, a British doctor working at a hospital in New York, starts making unwelcome enquiries when the body of a man who died in his emergency room disappears. After the trail leads Luthan to the door of an eminent surgeon at the hospital, Luthan soon finds himself in extreme danger people who want the hospital's secret to remain undiscovered.
Cast: Hugh Grant, Gene Hackman, Sarah Jessica Parker, David Morse, Bill Nunn


Pokémon the Movie: The Power of Us: 2018 | G | 98 min | 7.1 rating
A young athlete whose running days might be behind her, a compulsive liar, a shy researcher, a bitter old woman, and a little girl with a big secret—the only thing they have in common is the annual Wind Festival in Fula City.  The festival celebrates the Legendary Pokémon Lugia, who brings the wind that powers this seaside city. When a series of threats endangers not just the festival, but all the people and Pokémon of Fula City, it’ll take more than just Satoshi and Pikachu to save the day! Can everyone put aside their differences and work together—or will it all end in destruction?
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Megumi Hayashibara, Shin-ichiro Miki, Inuko Inuyama


Better Watch Out: 2017 | R | 89 min | 6.7 rating
On a quiet suburban street tucked within a 'safe neighborhood', a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from strangers breaking into the house, only to discover that this is far from a normal home invasion.
Cast: Olivia DeJonge, Levi Miller, Ed Oxenbould, Aleks Mikic, Dacre Montgomery


Skyline: 2010 | PG-13 | 92 min | 4.985 rating
When strange lights descend on the city of Los Angeles, people are drawn outside like moths to a flame where an extraterrestrial force threatens to swallow the entire human population off the face of the Earth. Now the band of survivors must fight for their lives as the world unravels around them.
Cast: Eric Balfour, Scottie Thompson, David Zayas, Donald Faison, Brittany Daniel


Café Society: 2016 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.459 rating
The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywood during the 1930s hoping to work in the film industry, falls in love, and finds himself swept up in the vibrant café society that defined the spirit of the age.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, Steve Carell, Blake Lively, Parker Posey


10: 1979 | R | 122 min | 5.6 rating
A Hollywood songwriter goes through a mid-life crisis and becomes infatuated with a sexy blonde newlywed.
Cast: Dudley Moore, Julie Andrews, Bo Derek, Robert Webber, Dee Wallace


Don't Breathe: 2016 | R | 89 min | 7.01 rating
A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong.
Cast: Jane Levy, Dylan Minnette, Daniel Zovatto, Stephen Lang, Emma Bercovici


Pete's Dragon: 2016 | PG | 103 min | 6.4 rating
For years, old wood carver Mr. Meacham has delighted local children with his tales of the fierce dragon that resides deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. To his daughter, Grace, who works as a forest ranger, these stories are little more than tall tales... until she meets Pete, a mysterious 10-year-old with no family and no home who claims to live in the woods with a giant, green dragon named Elliott. And from Pete's descriptions, Elliott seems remarkably similar to the dragon from Mr. Meacham's stories. With the help of Natalie, an 11-year-old girl whose father Jack owns the local lumber mill, Grace sets out to determine where Pete came from, where he belongs, and the truth about this dragon.
Cast: Oakes Fegley, Bryce Dallas Howard, Wes Bentley, Karl Urban, Oona Laurence


Last Action Hero: 1993 | PG-13 | 131 min | 6.43 rating
Following the death of his father, young Danny Madigan takes comfort in watching action movies featuring the indestructible Los Angeles cop Jack Slater. After being given a magic ticket by theater manager Nick, Danny is sucked into the screen and bonds with Slater. When evil fictional villain Benedict gets his hands on the ticket and enters the real world, Danny and Jack must follow and stop him.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Austin O'Brien, Bridgette Wilson-Sampras, F. Murray Abraham, Art Carney


Cowboy Bebop: The Movie: 2001 | R | 115 min | 7.702 rating
The year is 2071. Following a terrorist bombing, a deadly virus is released on the populace of Mars and the government has issued the largest bounty in history, for the capture of whoever is behind it. The bounty hunter crew of the spaceship Bebop; Spike, Faye, Jet and Ed, take the case with hopes of cashing in the bounty. However, the mystery surrounding the man responsible, Vincent, goes deeper than they ever imagined, and they aren't the only ones hunting him.
Cast: Koichi Yamadera, Unsho Ishizuka, Aoi Tada, Ai Kobayashi, Megumi Hayashibara


TRON: Legacy: 2010 | PG | 125 min | 6.461 rating
Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Garrett Hedlund, Olivia Wilde, Bruce Boxleitner, James Frain


Porco Rosso: 1992 | PG | 93 min | 7.786 rating
In Italy in the 1930s, sky pirates in biplanes terrorize wealthy cruise ships as they sail the Adriatic Sea. The only pilot brave enough to stop the scourge is the mysterious Porco Rosso, a former World War I flying ace who was somehow turned into a pig during the war. As he prepares to battle the pirate crew's American ace, Porco Rosso enlists the help of spunky girl mechanic Fio Piccolo and his longtime friend Madame Gina.
Cast: Shūichirō Moriyama, Tokiko Kato, Bunshi Katsura Vi, Tsunehiko Kamijō, Akemi Okamura


Wild at Heart: 1990 | R | 125 min | 7.041 rating
After serving prison time for a self-defense killing, Sailor Ripley reunites with girlfriend Lula Fortune. Lula's mother, Marietta, desperate to keep them apart, hires a hitman to kill Sailor. But he finds a whole new set of troubles when he and Bobby Peru, an old buddy who's also out to get Sailor, try to rob a store. When Sailor lands in jail yet again, the young lovers appear further than ever from the shared life they covet.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Laura Dern, Willem Dafoe, J.E. Freeman, Crispin Glover


The Voyeurs: 2021 | R | 117 min | 6.664 rating
When Pippa and Thomas move into their dream apartment, they notice that their windows look directly into the apartment opposite – inviting them to witness the volatile relationship of the attractive couple across the street. But what starts as a simple curiosity turns into full-blown obsession with increasingly dangerous consequences.
Cast: Sydney Sweeney, Justice Smith, Ben Hardy, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Katharine King So


The Big Short: 2015 | R | 131 min | 7.35 rating
The men who made millions from a global economic meltdown.
Cast: Christian Bale, Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Brad Pitt, Melissa Leo


Hellraiser: Revelations: 2011 | R | 75 min | 3.5 rating
Two friends in Mexico discover the Lament Configuration and unleash Pinhead, but one decides to try to survive by swapping himself with someone else. Once they go missing, family members go in search of them, but find Pinhead instead.
Cast: Steven Brand, Nick Eversman, Tracey Fairaway, Devon Sorvari, Stephan Smith Collins


The Princess Switch: 2018 | PG | 101 min | 7.012 rating
When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places.
Cast: Vanessa Hudgens, Sam Palladio, Nick Sagar, Alexa Adeosun, Suanne Braun


Rushmore: 1998 |  | 93 min | 7.418 rating
When a beautiful first-grade teacher arrives at a prep school, she soon attracts the attention of an ambitious teenager named Max, who quickly falls in love with her. Max turns to the father of two of his schoolmates for advice on how to woo the teacher. However, the situation soon gets complicated when Max's new friend becomes involved with her, setting the two pals against one another in a war for her attention.
Cast: Jason Schwartzman, Bill Murray, Olivia Williams, Seymour Cassel, Brian Cox


Halloween Ends: 2022 | R | 111 min | 6.172 rating
Four years after the events of Halloween in 2018, Laurie has decided to liberate herself from fear and rage and embrace life. But when a young man is accused of killing a boy he was babysitting, it ignites a cascade of violence and terror that will force Laurie to finally confront the evil she can’t control, once and for all.
Cast: Jamie Lee Curtis, Andi Matichak, Rohan Campbell, Will Patton, James Jude Courtney


The Last Boy Scout: 1991 | R | 105 min | 6.8 rating
When the girl that detective Joe Hallenback is protecting gets murdered, the boyfriend of the murdered girl attempts to investigate and solve the case. What they discover is that there is deep seated corruption going on between a crooked politician and the owner of a pro football team.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Damon Wayans, Chelsea Field, Noble Willingham, Taylor Negron


Passengers: 2008 | PG-13 | 93 min | 6.1 rating
After a plane crash, a young therapist, Claire, is assigned by her mentor to counsel the flight's five survivors. When they share their recollections of the incident -- which some say include an explosion that the airline claims never happened -- Claire is intrigued by Eric, the most secretive of the passengers.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Patrick Wilson, Andre Braugher, Dianne Wiest, David Morse


Vesper: 2022 |  | 112 min | 6.455 rating
After the collapse of Earth's ecosystem, Vesper, a 13-year-old girl struggling to survive with her paralyzed Father, meets a mysterious Woman with a secret that forces Vesper to use her wits, strength and bio-hacking abilities to fight for the possibility of a future.
Cast: Raffiella Chapman, Eddie Marsan, Rosy McEwen, Richard Brake, Melanie Gaydos


Paranoia: 2013 | PG-13 | 106 min | 5.718 rating
An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price—he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage.
Cast: Liam Hemsworth, Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, Amber Heard, Josh Holloway


Out of the Blue: 2022 | R | 105 min | 6.1 rating
After spending time in prison following an assault charge, Connor Bates now works in a library and spends his free time running, swimming, and trying to piece his world back together. When he meets Marilyn Chambers, the wife of a wealthy businessman, they collide into an intense physical and emotional relationship that quickly escalates into idle talk about her husband’s murder.
Cast: Diane Kruger, Ray Nicholson, Hank Azaria, Chase Sui Wonders, Victor Slezak


Ice Age: A Mammoth Christmas: 2011 | PG | 26 min | 6.43 rating
When Sid accidentally destroys Manny's heirloom Christmas rock and ends up on Santa's naughty list, he leads a hilarious quest to the North Pole to make things right and ends up making things much worse. Now it's up to Manny and his prehistoric posse to band together and save Christmas for the entire world!
Cast: Billy Gardell, Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Queen Latifah, Denis Leary


Cocktail: 1988 | R | 104 min | 6.103 rating
After being discharged from the Army, Brian Flanagan moves back to Queens and takes a job in a bar run by Doug Coughlin, who teaches Brian the fine art of bar-tending. Brian quickly becomes a patron favorite with his flashy drink-mixing style, and Brian adopts his mentor's cynical philosophy on life and goes for the money.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Bryan Brown, Elisabeth Shue, Lisa Banes, Kelly Lynch


The Autopsy of Jane Doe: 2016 | R | 86 min | 6.756 rating
Father and son coroners receive a mysterious unidentified corpse with no apparent cause of death. As they attempt to examine the "Jane Doe," they discover increasingly bizarre clues that hold the key to her terrifying secrets.
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Brian Cox, Ophelia Lovibond, Olwen Catherine Kelly, Michael McElhatton


Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas: 1999 | G | 66 min | 7.082 rating
Mickey, Minnie, and their famous friends Goofy, Donald, Daisy and Pluto gather together to reminisce about the love, magic and surprises in three wonder-filled stories of Christmas past.
Cast: Kelsey Grammer, Wayne Allwine, Russi Taylor, Tony Anselmo, Diane Michelle


She's All That: 1999 | PG-13 | 95 min | 6.328 rating
High school hotshot Zach Siler is the envy of his peers. But his popularity declines sharply when his cheerleader girlfriend, Taylor, leaves him for sleazy reality-television star Brock Hudson. Desperate to revive his fading reputation, Siler agrees to a seemingly impossible challenge. He has six weeks to gain the trust of nerdy outcast Laney Boggs -- and help her to become the school's next prom queen.
Cast: Freddie Prinze Jr., Rachael Leigh Cook, Paul Walker, Jodi Lyn O'Keefe, Kevin Pollak


Rope: 1948 |  | 81 min | 7.962 rating
Two men murder a man in cold blood for the thrill and invite his parents over for a celebration to prove they have committed the perfect crime, but they also have to deal with their former schoolmaster, who becomes suspicious.
Cast: James Stewart, John Dall, Farley Granger, Edith Evanson, Joan Chandler


The 5th Wave: 2016 | PG-13 | 112 min | 5.942 rating
16-year-old Cassie Sullivan tries to survive in a world devastated by the waves of an alien invasion that has already decimated the population and knocked mankind back to the Stone Age.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Nick Robinson, Ron Livingston, Maggie Siff, Alex Roe


The Texas Chain Saw Massacre: 1974 | R | 83 min | 7.29 rating
Five friends head out to rural Texas to visit the grave of a grandfather. On the way they stumble across what appears to be a deserted house, only to discover something sinister within. Something armed with a chainsaw.
Cast: Marilyn Burns, Allen Danziger, Paul A. Partain, William Vail, Teri McMinn


Romance: 1999 | NR | 99 min | 5.4 rating
A young woman frustrated by her boyfriend's lack of interest in sexual activity becomes involved with multiple men.
Cast: Caroline Ducey, Sagamore Stévenin, François Berléand, Rocco Siffredi, Reza Habouhossein


Richie Rich's Christmas Wish: 1998 | G | 84 min | 4.8 rating
After getting blamed for spoiling Christmas, the richest kid in the world wishes he'd never been born. Unfortunately, a wishing machine, invented by professor Keenbean, picked up the wish and made it come true. Now Richie finds himself in a parallel world where his only hope is to find professor Keenbean and the wishing machine so he can wish things back to normal.
Cast: David Gallagher, Eugene Levy, Keene Curtis, Jake Richardson, Martin Mull


Godland: 2022 |  | 143 min | 7.01 rating
In the late 19th century, a young Danish priest travels to a remote part of Iceland to build a church and photograph its people. But the deeper he goes into the unforgiving landscape, the more he strays from his purpose, the mission and morality.
Cast: Elliott Crosset Hove, Vic Carmen Sonne, Ingvar E. Sigurðsson, Jacob Ulrik Lohmann, Ída Mekkín Hlynsdóttir


Terminal: 2018 | NR | 95 min | 5.527 rating
In the dark heart of a sprawling, anonymous city, two assassins carry out a sinister mission, a teacher battles a fatal illness, and an enigmatic janitor and a curious waitress lead dangerous double lives.  Murderous consequences unravel in the dead of night, as their lives intertwine at the hands of a mysterious criminal mastermind who is hell-bent on revenge.
Cast: Margot Robbie, Simon Pegg, Dexter Fletcher, Max Irons, Mike Myers


Senseless: 1998 | R | 93 min | 6.141 rating
A student gets his senses enhanced by an experimental drug. But abuse is not an option.
Cast: Marlon Wayans, David Spade, Matthew Lillard, Rip Torn, Tamara Taylor


The Rat Catcher: 2023 | PG | 17 min | 6.8 rating
In an English village, a reporter and a mechanic listen to a ratcatcher explain his clever plan to outwit his prey.
Cast: Richard Ayoade, Ralph Fiennes, Rupert Friend, Eliel Ford, Benoît Herlin


The Pale Blue Eye: 2022 | R | 130 min | 6.889 rating
West Point, New York, 1830. When a cadet at the burgeoning military academy is found hanged with his heart cut out, the top brass summons former New York City constable Augustus Landor to investigate. While attempting to solve this grisly mystery, the reluctant detective engages the help of one of the cadets: a strange but brilliant young fellow by the name of Edgar Allan Poe.
Cast: Christian Bale, Harry Melling, Lucy Boynton, Toby Jones, Simon McBurney


Staying Alive: 1983 | PG | 93 min | 5.727 rating
It's five years later and Tony Manero's Saturday Night Fever is still burning. Now he's strutting toward his biggest challenger yet - making it as a dancer on the Broadway stage.
Cast: John Travolta, Cynthia Rhodes, Finola Hughes, Steve Inwood, Julie Bovasso


Escape from Alcatraz: 1979 | PG | 113 min | 7.521 rating
San Francisco Bay, January 18, 1960. Frank Lee Morris is transferred to Alcatraz, a maximum security prison located on a rocky island. Although no one has ever managed to escape from there, Frank and other inmates begin to carefully prepare an escape plan.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Patrick McGoohan, Roberts Blossom, Jack Thibeau, Fred Ward


Superman IV: The Quest for Peace: 1987 | PG | 90 min | 4.535 rating
With global superpowers engaged in an increasingly hostile arms race, Superman leads a crusade to rid the world of nuclear weapons. But Lex Luthor, recently sprung from jail, is declaring war on the Man of Steel and his quest to save the planet. Using a strand of Superman's hair, Luthor synthesizes a powerful ally known as Nuclear Man and ignites an epic battle spanning Earth and space.
Cast: Christopher Reeve, Gene Hackman, Jackie Cooper, Marc McClure, Jon Cryer


Foodfight!: 2012 | PG | 91 min | 1.9 rating
The evil Brand X joins a supermarket that becomes a city after closing time.
Cast: Charlie Sheen, Hilary Duff, Eva Longoria, Wayne Brady, Christopher Lloyd


Haunt: 2019 | R | 92 min | 6.71 rating
On Halloween, a group of friends encounter an extreme haunted house that promises to feed on their darkest fears. The night turns deadly as they come to the horrifying realisation that some nightmares are real.
Cast: Katie Stevens, Will Brittain, Lauryn McClain, Shazi Raja, Andrew Lewis Caldwell


The Call: 2013 | R | 94 min | 6.796 rating
Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator but when she makes an error in judgment and a call ends badly, Jordan is rattled and unsure if she can continue. But when teenager Casey Welson is abducted in the back of a man's car and calls 911, Jordan is the one called upon to use all of her experience, insights and quick thinking to help Casey escape, and not just to save her, but to make sure the man is brought to justice.
Cast: Halle Berry, Abigail Breslin, Morris Chestnut, Michael Eklund, David Otunga


Dungeons & Dragons: 2000 | PG-13 | 107 min | 4.319 rating
The Empire of Izmer is a divided land: elite magicians called “mages” rule while lowly commoners are powerless. When Empress Savina vows to bring equality and prosperity to her land, the evil mage Profion plots to depose her.
Cast: Justin Whalin, Jeremy Irons, Thora Birch, Bruce Payne, Zoe McLellan


Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers: 2022 | PG | 99 min | 7.001 rating
Decades since their successful television series was canceled, Chip has succumbed to a life of suburban domesticity as an insurance salesman. Dale, meanwhile, has had CGI surgery and works the nostalgia convention circuit, desperate to relive his glory days. When a former cast mate mysteriously disappears, Chip and Dale must repair their broken friendship and take on their Rescue Rangers detective personas once again to save their friend’s life.
Cast: Andy Samberg, John Mulaney, KiKi Layne, Will Arnett, Eric Bana


Broken Arrow: 1996 | R | 108 min | 6.041 rating
When rogue stealth-fighter pilot Vic Deakins deliberately drops off the radar while on maneuvers, the Air Force ends up with two stolen nuclear warheads -- and Deakins's co-pilot, Riley Hale, is the military's only hope for getting them back. Traversing the deserted canyons of Utah, Hale teams with park ranger Terry Carmichael to put Deakins back in his box.
Cast: John Travolta, Christian Slater, Samantha Mathis, Delroy Lindo, Frank Whaley


Sling Blade: 1996 | R | 135 min | 7.532 rating
Karl Childers, a mentally disabled man, has been in the custody of the state mental hospital since the age of 12 for killing his mother and her lover. Although thoroughly institutionalized, he is deemed fit to be released into the outside world.
Cast: Billy Bob Thornton, Dwight Yoakam, J.T. Walsh, John Ritter, Lucas Black


Cry Macho: 2021 | PG-13 | 104 min | 5.986 rating
Mike Milo, a one-time rodeo star and washed-up horse breeder, takes a job from an ex-boss to bring the man's young son home from Mexico.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Eduardo Minett, Natalia Traven, Dwight Yoakam, Fernanda Urrejola


Kimi: 2022 | R | 89 min | 6.224 rating
A tech worker with agoraphobia discovers recorded evidence of a violent crime but is met with resistance when she tries to report it. Seeking justice, she must do the thing she fears the most: leave her apartment.
Cast: Zoë Kravitz, Byron Bowers, Jaime Camil, Erika Christensen, Derek DelGaudio


Children of Men: 2006 | R | 109 min | 7.608 rating
In 2027, in a chaotic world in which humans can no longer procreate, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea, where her child's birth may help scientists save the future of humankind.
Cast: Clive Owen, Clare-Hope Ashitey, Pam Ferris, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Julianne Moore


Inside Llewyn Davis: 2013 | R | 104 min | 7.202 rating
In Greenwich Village in the early 1960s, gifted but volatile folk musician Llewyn Davis struggles with money, relationships, and his uncertain future.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Carey Mulligan, John Goodman, Garrett Hedlund, Justin Timberlake


Pixie: 2020 | R | 93 min | 5.7 rating
To avenge her mother's death, Pixie masterminds a heist but must flee across Ireland from gangsters, take on the patriarchy, and choose her own destiny.
Cast: Olivia Cooke, Ben Hardy, Daryl McCormack, Colm Meaney, Alec Baldwin


Friday the 13th Part 2: 1981 | R | 86 min | 6.163 rating
Five years after the horrible bloodbath at Camp Crystal Lake, a new group of counselors roam the area, not sensing an ominous lurking presence that proves the grisly legend is real.
Cast: Amy Steel, Stuart Charno, Kirsten Baker, Warrington Gillette, Lauren-Marie Taylor


The Aftermath: 2019 | R | 108 min | 6.4 rating
In the aftermath of World War II, a British colonel and his wife are assigned to live in Hamburg during the post-war reconstruction, but tensions arise with the German widower who lives with them.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Alexander Skarsgård, Jason Clarke, Martin Compston, Kate Phillips


The Homesman: 2014 |  | 122 min | 6.551 rating
When three women living on the edge of the American frontier are driven mad by harsh pioneer life, the task of saving them falls to the pious, independent-minded Mary Bee Cuddy. Transporting the women by covered wagon to Iowa, she soon realizes just how daunting the journey will be, and employs a low-life drifter, George Briggs, to join her. The unlikely pair and the three women head east, where a waiting minister and his wife have offered to take the women in. But the group first must traverse the harsh Nebraska Territories marked by stark beauty, psychological peril and constant threat.
Cast: Hilary Swank, Tommy Lee Jones, Grace Gummer, Miranda Otto, Sonja Richter


Wolves: 2014 | R | 90 min | 5.881 rating
The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. Forced to hit the road after the murder of his parents, Cayden wanders lost without purpose... Until he meets a certifiable lunatic named Wild Joe who sets him on a path to the ominous town of Lupine Ridge to hunt down the truths of his history. But in the end| who's really hunting whom?
Cast: Lucas Till, Jason Momoa, John Pyper-Ferguson, Stephen McHattie, Merritt Patterson


Popeye: 1980 | PG | 114 min | 5.44 rating
Popeye is a super-strong, spinach-scarfing sailor man who's searching for his father. During a storm that wrecks his ship, Popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the Oyl household, where he meets Olive. Before he can win her heart, he must first contend with Olive's fiancé, Bluto.
Cast: Robin Williams, Shelley Duvall, Ray Walston, Paul Dooley, Paul L. Smith


White Elephant: 2022 |  | 93 min | 6.149 rating
An ex-marine enforcer must battle his conscience and code of honor when he is forced to do things for the mob.
Cast: Michael Rooker, Bruce Willis, Olga Kurylenko, John Malkovich, Lorenzo Antonucci


Naked Lunch: 1991 | R | 115 min | 7.011 rating
Blank-faced bug killer Bill Lee and his dead-eyed wife, Joan, like to get high on Bill's pest poisons while lounging with Beat poet pals. After meeting the devilish Dr. Benway, Bill gets a drug made from a centipede. Upon indulging, he accidentally kills Joan, takes orders from his typewriter-turned-cockroach, ends up in a constantly mutating Mediterranean city and learns that his hip friends have published his work -- which he doesn't remember writing.
Cast: Peter Weller, Judy Davis, Ian Holm, Julian Sands, Roy Scheider


Batman: The Killing Joke: 2016 | R | 77 min | 6.601 rating
As Batman hunts for the escaped Joker, the Clown Prince of Crime attacks the Gordon family to prove a diabolical point mirroring his own fall into madness.
Cast: Kevin Conroy, Mark Hamill, Tara Strong, Ray Wise, John DiMaggio


Predator 2: 1990 | R | 108 min | 6.26 rating
A police chief in the war-torn streets of Los Angeles discovers that an extraterrestrial creature is hunting down residents - and that he is the next target.
Cast: Danny Glover, Gary Busey, Rubén Blades, María Conchita Alonso, Bill Paxton


Willow: 1988 | PG | 126 min | 7.016 rating
The evil Queen Bavmorda hunts the newborn princess Elora Danan, a child prophesied to bring about her downfall. When the royal infant is found by Willow, a timid farmer and aspiring sorcerer, he's entrusted with delivering her from evil.
Cast: Warwick Davis, Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Jean Marsh, Patricia Hayes


Rings: 2017 | PG-13 | 102 min | 4.965 rating
Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend Holt when he explores the dark urban legend of a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after viewing. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and in doing so makes a horrifying discovery: there is a "movie within the movie" that no one has ever seen before.
Cast: Matilda Lutz, Alex Roe, Johnny Galecki, Vincent D'Onofrio, Aimee Teegarden


8 Mile: 2002 | R | 111 min | 7.13 rating
For Jimmy Smith, Jr., life is a daily fight just to keep hope alive. Feeding his dreams in Detroit's vibrant music scene, Jimmy wages an extraordinary personal struggle to find his own voice - and earn a place in a world where rhymes rule, legends are born and every moment… is another chance.
Cast: Eminem, Kim Basinger, Mekhi Phifer, Brittany Murphy, Evan Jones


Legion of Super-Heroes: 2023 | PG-13 | 84 min | 6.566 rating
Kara, devastated by the loss of Krypton, struggles to adjust to her new life on Earth. Her cousin, Superman, mentors her and suggests she leave their space-time to attend the Legion Academy in the 31st century, where she makes new friends and a new enemy: Brainiac 5. Meanwhile, she must contend with a mysterious group called the Dark Circle as it searches for a powerful weapon held in the Academy’s vault.
Cast: Meg Donnelly, Harry Shum Jr., Jensen Ackles, Gideon Adlon, Matt Bomer


Lucky: 2017 |  | 88 min | 7.363 rating
Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration.
Cast: Harry Dean Stanton, David Lynch, Ron Livingston, Ed Begley Jr., Tom Skerritt


Flamin' Hot: 2023 | PG-13 | 99 min | 8.2 rating
The inspiring true story of Richard Montañez, the Frito Lay janitor who channeled his Mexican American heritage and upbringing to turn the iconic Flamin’ Hot Cheetos into a snack that disrupted the food industry and became a global pop culture phenomenon.
Cast: Jesse Garcia, Annie Gonzalez, Emilio Rivera, Vanessa Martinez, Dennis Haysbert


All Things Fair: 1995 |  | 125 min | 6.6 rating
Stig is a 15-year-old pupil of 37-year-old teacher Viola. He is attracted by her beauty and maturity while she is drawn to him by his youth and innocence, a godsent relief from her drunk and miserable husband.
Cast: Johan Widerberg, Marika Lagercrantz, Tomas von Brömssen, Karin Huldt, Nina Gunke


Diary of a Nymphomaniac: 2008 |  | 102 min | 5.551 rating
A chronicle of the life of a middle-class French girl's sexual adventures, her then fall into prostitution, and her ultimate redemption.
Cast: Belén Fabra, Leonardo Sbaraglia, Llum Barrera, Geraldine Chaplin, Ángela Molina


Possessor: 2020 |  | 104 min | 6.377 rating
Tasya Vos, an elite corporate assassin, uses brain-implant technology to take control of other people’s bodies to terminate high profile targets. As she sinks deeper into her latest assignment, Vos becomes trapped inside a mind that threatens to obliterate her.
Cast: Andrea Riseborough, Christopher Abbott, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Sean Bean, Tuppence Middleton


Independence Day: Resurgence: 2016 | PG-13 | 120 min | 5.289 rating
We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology, the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens’ advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction.
Cast: Liam Hemsworth, Jeff Goldblum, Jessie T. Usher, Bill Pullman, Maika Monroe


Scream 2: 1997 | R | 120 min | 6.487 rating
Away at college, Sidney thought she'd finally put the shocking murders that shattered her life behind her... until a copycat killer begins acting out a real-life sequel.
Cast: Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Jerry O'Connell, Timothy Olyphant


Paprika: 1991 | NR | 99 min | 7.038 rating
A young country girl comes to town and works in a brothel in order to help her fiance get the money to start his own business. "Paprika" is the name given to her by the madam.
Cast: Debora Caprioglio, Stéphane Bonnet, Stéphane Ferrara, Martine Brochard, Luigi Laezza


Walden: 2023 |  | Runtime NA | 5.6 rating
Walden Dean is a stenographer, whose mind witnessed all types of injustices in the courtroom. After discovering he has a terminal illness, repressed anger deep within him surfaces -- taking justice into his own hands in the most gruesome ways imaginable.
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Shane West, Kelli Garner, Tania Raymonde, David Keith


Aloha: 2015 | PG-13 | 105 min | 5.493 rating
A celebrated military contractor returns to the site of his greatest career triumphs and re-connects with a long-ago love while unexpectedly falling for the hard-charging Air Force watchdog assigned to him.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone, Rachel McAdams, Bill Murray, John Krasinski


Frozen Fever: 2015 | G | 8 min | 6.8 rating
On Anna's birthday, Elsa and Kristoff are determined to give her the best celebration ever, but Elsa's icy powers may put more than just the party at risk.
Cast: Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff, Josh Gad, Santino Fontana


Nebulous Dark: 2021 | NR | 75 min | 5.4 rating
A man, Apollo, wakes up in the future to realize the human race has been wiped out because of an ancient virus.
Cast: Shahin Sean Solimon, Ginger Christie, Kent Hatch, Lili Fox-Lim, Kevin Lukata


Mother/Android: 2021 | R | 111 min | 5.8 rating
Georgia and her boyfriend Sam go on a treacherous journey to escape their country, which is caught in an unexpected war with artificial intelligence. Days away from the arrival of their first child, the couple must face No Man’s Land—a stronghold of the android uprising—in hopes of reaching safety before giving birth.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Algee Smith, Raúl Castillo, Kiara Pichardo, Oscar Wahlberg


Miracle: 2004 | PG | 135 min | 7.06 rating
When college coach Herb Brooks is hired to helm the 1980 U.S. men's Olympic hockey team, he brings a unique and brash style to the ice. After assembling a team of hot-headed college all-stars, who are humiliated in an early match, Brooks unites his squad against a common foe: the heavily-favored Soviet team.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Patricia Clarkson, Noah Emmerich, Sean McCann, Kenneth Welsh


Leaving Las Vegas: 1995 | R | 111 min | 7.3 rating
Ben Sanderson, an alcoholic Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his drinking, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue, Julian Sands, Richard Lewis, Steven Weber


End of Watch: 2012 | R | 109 min | 7.3 rating
Two young officers are marked for death after confiscating a small cache of money and firearms from the members of a notorious cartel during a routine traffic stop.
Cast: Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Peña, Natalie Martinez, Anna Kendrick, David Harbour


Moonlight: 2016 | R | 111 min | 7.392 rating
The tender, heartbreaking story of a young man’s struggle to find himself, told across three defining chapters in his life as he experiences the ecstasy, pain, and beauty of falling in love, while grappling with his own sexuality.
Cast: Trevante Rhodes, André Holland, Janelle Monáe, Ashton Sanders, Jharrel Jerome


Dumb and Dumber: 1994 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.6 rating
Lloyd and Harry are two men whose stupidity is really indescribable. When Mary, a beautiful woman, loses an important suitcase with money before she leaves for Aspen, the two friends (who have found the suitcase) decide to return it to her. After some "adventures" they finally get to Aspen where, using the lost money they live it up and fight for Mary's heart.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels, Lauren Holly, Teri Garr, Charles Rocket


Memento: 2000 | R | 113 min | 8.189 rating
Leonard Shelby is tracking down the man who raped and murdered his wife. The difficulty of locating his wife's killer, however, is compounded by the fact that he suffers from a rare, untreatable form of short-term memory loss. Although he can recall details of life before his accident, Leonard cannot remember what happened fifteen minutes ago, where he's going, or why.
Cast: Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano, Mark Boone Junior, Russ Fega


Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge: 1991 | PG | 48 min | 6.918 rating
After defeating Frieza, Goku returns to Earth and goes on a camping trip with Gohan and Krillin. Everything is normal until Cooler - Frieza's brother - sends three henchmen after Goku. A long fight ensues between our heroes and Cooler, in which he transforms into the fourth stage of his evolution and has the edge in the fight... until Goku transforms into a Super Saiyan.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Toshio Furukawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Naoki Tatsuta, Naoko Watanabe


The Book of Life: 2014 | PG | 95 min | 7.6 rating
The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears.
Cast: Diego Luna, Channing Tatum, Zoe Saldaña, Christina Applegate, Eugenio Derbez


The Dead Zone: 1983 | R | 103 min | 7 rating
Johnny Smith is a schoolteacher with his whole life ahead of him but, after leaving his fiancee's home one night, is involved in a car crash which leaves him in a coma for 5 years. When he wakes, he discovers he has an ability to see into the past, present and future life of anyone with whom he comes into physical contact.
Cast: Christopher Walken, Brooke Adams, Tom Skerritt, Herbert Lom, Anthony Zerbe


Kill Bill: Vol. 2: 2004 | R | 136 min | 7.878 rating
The Bride unwaveringly continues on her roaring rampage of revenge against the band of assassins who had tried to kill her and her unborn child. She visits each of her former associates one-by-one, checking off the victims on her Death List Five until there's nothing left to do … but kill Bill.
Cast: Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Daryl Hannah, Michael Madsen, Gordon Liu Chia-hui


Athena: 2022 | R | 97 min | 6.603 rating
Hours after the tragic death of their youngest brother in unexplained circumstances, three siblings have their lives thrown into chaos.
Cast: Dali Benssalah, Anthony Bajon, Alexis Manenti, Ouassini Embarek, Sami Slimane


Mazinger Z: Infinity: 2017 | PG-13 | 95 min | 6.809 rating
When the evil Dr. Hell attacks the Earth, the mighty giant mecha Mazinger Z is formed to stop him.
Cast: Showtaro Morikubo, Ai Kayano, Sumire Uesaka, Toshihiko Seki, Ami Koshimizu


Barbie in A Christmas Carol: 2008 | G | 76 min | 7 rating
On Christmas Eve, Kelly is reluctant to go to a Christmas Eve ball, so Barbie tells her the story of Eden Starling, a glamorous singing diva in the Victorian England and the owner of a theatre house. However, Eden is self-centered and loves only herself. She is frequently accompanied by her snooty cat, Chuzzlewit. She does not believe in Christmas and orders all her employees to work on Christmas.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Morwenna Banks, Melissa Lyons, Prudence Edwards, Leanne Araya


Finding Neverland: 2004 | PG | 106 min | 7.32 rating
During a writing slump, playwright J.M. Barrie meets a widow and her four children, all young boys—who soon become an important part of Barrie’s life and the inspiration that lead him to create his masterpiece. Peter Pan'.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Kate Winslet, Julie Christie, Dustin Hoffman, Freddie Highmore


A Million Ways to Die in the West: 2014 | R | 116 min | 6.01 rating
As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town, he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband, a notorious gun-slinger, announces his arrival.
Cast: Seth MacFarlane, Charlize Theron, Liam Neeson, Amanda Seyfried, Neil Patrick Harris


Bedtime Stories: 2008 | PG | 99 min | 6.138 rating
Skeeter Bronson is a down-on-his-luck guy who's always telling bedtime stories to his niece and nephew. But his life is turned upside down when the fantastical stories he makes up for entertainment inexplicably turn into reality. Can a bewildered Skeeter manage his own unruly fantasies now that the outrageous characters and situations from his mind have morphed into actual people and events?
Cast: Adam Sandler, Keri Russell, Guy Pearce, Courteney Cox, Lucy Lawless


Reservoir Dogs: 1992 | R | 99 min | 8.131 rating
A botched robbery indicates a police informant, and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. Crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran Mr. White, newcomer Mr. Orange, psychopathic parolee Mr. Blonde, bickering weasel Mr. Pink and Nice Guy Eddie -- unravel.
Cast: Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Steve Buscemi


Barbie in The 12 Dancing Princesses: 2006 | G | 82 min | 7.651 rating
King Randolph sends for his cousin, Duchess Rowena, to help turn his daughters, Princess Genevieve and her eleven sisters, into royal material. But the Duchess strips the sisters of their fun, including their favorite pastime: dancing. When all hope may be lost, the sisters discover a secret passageway to a magical land where they can dance the night away.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Catherine O'Hara, Christopher Gaze, Nicole Oliver, Lalainia Lindbjerg


28 Days Later: 2002 | R | 113 min | 7.207 rating
Twenty-eight days after a killer virus was accidentally unleashed from a British research facility, a small group of London survivors are caught in a desperate struggle to protect themselves from the infected. Carried by animals and humans, the virus turns those it infects into homicidal maniacs -- and it's absolutely impossible to contain.
Cast: Cillian Murphy, Naomie Harris, Brendan Gleeson, Megan Burns, Christopher Eccleston


Porky's: 1981 | R | 94 min | 6.4 rating
In 1954 Florida, a group of high schoolers seek out to lose their virginity which leads them to seek revenge on a sleazy nightclub owner and his redneck sheriff brother for harassing them.
Cast: Dan Monahan, Mark Herrier, Wyatt Knight, Cyril O'Reilly, Kaki Hunter


High-Rise: 2015 |  | 119 min | 5.646 rating
Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control.
Cast: Tom Hiddleston, Elisabeth Moss, Sienna Miller, Jeremy Irons, Luke Evans


Clue: 1985 | PG | 94 min | 7.211 rating
Clue finds six colorful dinner guests gathered at the mansion of their host, Mr. Boddy -- who turns up dead after his secret is exposed: He was blackmailing all of them. With the killer among them, the guests and Boddy's chatty butler must suss out the culprit before the body count rises.
Cast: Tim Curry, Eileen Brennan, Madeline Kahn, Christopher Lloyd, Michael McKean


The Seven Deadly Sins: Cursed by Light: 2021 | PG-13 | 79 min | 7.744 rating
With the help of the "Dragon Sin of Wrath" Meliodas and the worst rebels in history, the Seven Deadly Sins, the "Holy War", in which four races, including Humans, Goddesses, Fairies and Giants fought against the Demons, is finally over. At the cost of the "Lion Sin of Pride" Escanor's life, the Demon King was defeated and the world regained peace. After that, each of the Sins take their own path.
Cast: Yuki Kaji, Sora Amamiya, Misaki Kuno, Aoi Yuki, Tatsuhisa Suzuki


The Lost Boys: 1987 | R | 97 min | 7.1 rating
A mother and her two teenage sons move to a seemingly nice and quiet small coastal California town yet soon find out that it's overrun by bike gangs and vampires. A couple of teenage friends take it upon themselves to hunt down the vampires that they suspect of a few mysterious murders and restore peace and calm to their town.
Cast: Jason Patric, Corey Haim, Dianne Wiest, Barnard Hughes, Edward Herrmann


Avengers: Secret Wars: 2027 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
An upcoming film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's sixth Phase and the finale of The Multiverse Saga. Plot unknown.
Cast: 


Hard Rain: 1998 | R | 97 min | 5.786 rating
An armored car driver tries to elude a gang of thieves while a flood ravages the countryside.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Christian Slater, Minnie Driver, Randy Quaid, Ed Asner


Suspiria: 2018 | R | 152 min | 6.933 rating
Young American dancer Susie Bannion arrives in 1970s Berlin to audition for the world-renowned Helena Markos Dance Company. When she vaults to the role of lead dancer, the woman she replaces breaks down and accuses the company's female directors of witchcraft. Meanwhile, an inquisitive psychotherapist and a member of the troupe uncover dark and sinister secrets as they probe the depths of the studio's hidden underground chambers.
Cast: Dakota Johnson, Tilda Swinton, Mia Goth, Angela Winkler, Ingrid Caven


Poltergeist: 1982 | R | 114 min | 7.153 rating
Steve Freeling lives with his wife, Diane, and their three children, Dana, Robbie, and Carol Anne, in Southern California where he sells houses for the company that built the neighborhood. It starts with just a few odd occurrences, such as broken dishes and furniture moving around by itself. However, when he realizes that something truly evil haunts his home, Steve calls in a team of parapsychologists led by Dr. Lesh to help before it's too late.
Cast: Craig T. Nelson, JoBeth Williams, Beatrice Straight, Dominique Dunne, Oliver Robins


The Green Knight: 2021 | R | 130 min | 6.586 rating
An epic fantasy adventure based on the timeless Arthurian legend, The Green Knight tells the story of Sir Gawain, King Arthur's reckless and headstrong nephew, who embarks on a daring quest to confront the eponymous Green Knight, a gigantic emerald-skinned stranger and tester of men.
Cast: Dev Patel, Alicia Vikander, Joel Edgerton, Sarita Choudhury, Sean Harris


Herbie Rides Again: 1974 | G | 88 min | 6.1 rating
The living Volkswagen Beetle helps an old lady protect her home from a corrupt developer.
Cast: Helen Hayes, Ken Berry, Stefanie Powers, John McIntire, Keenan Wynn


Joseph: 1995 |  | 178 min | 8.2 rating
The Biblical story of Joseph, who was sold to slavery by his brothers who were jealous of his prophetic abilities to analyze dreams and of his being their fathers' favorite.
Cast: Ben Kingsley, Paul Mercurio, Dominique Sanda, Lesley Ann Warren, Martin Landau


Insomnia: 2002 | R | 118 min | 6.934 rating
Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatched to a northern town where the sun doesn't set to investigate the methodical murder of a local teen.
Cast: Al Pacino, Robin Williams, Hilary Swank, Martin Donovan, Maura Tierney


The Devil's Rejects: 2005 | R | 107 min | 6.745 rating
The murderous, backwoods Firefly family take to the road to escape the vengeful Sheriff Wydell, who is not afraid of being as ruthless as his target.
Cast: Sid Haig, Bill Moseley, Sheri Moon Zombie, William Forsythe, Ken Foree


Hitman: 2007 | R | 89 min | 6.1 rating
A genetically engineered assassin with deadly aim, known only as "Agent 47" eliminates strategic targets for a top-secret organization. But when he's double-crossed, the hunter becomes the prey as 47 finds himself in a life-or-death game of international intrigue.
Cast: Timothy Olyphant, Dougray Scott, Olga Kurylenko, Robert Knepper, Ulrich Thomsen


Saint Seiya Heaven Chapter: Overture: 2004 | NR | 83 min | 7.6 rating
After the bloody battle against Hades, the goddess Athena and her saints are still recovering when they find themselves face to face with their newest and most formidable foe: the dreadful moon goddess Artemis. Artemis replaces Athena as the earth guardian deity and takes over the Sanctuary, turning Athena's Saints into her servants.  Upon invading the Sanctuary, the Bronze Saints learn that Athena was banished by Artemis and decide to fight the moon goddess in order to rescue their true goddess and free the Earth from Artemis's ominous control.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Koichi Hashimoto, Ryou Horikawa, Hideyuki Hori


Hard Rain: 1998 | R | 97 min | 5.786 rating
An armored car driver tries to elude a gang of thieves while a flood ravages the countryside.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Christian Slater, Minnie Driver, Randy Quaid, Ed Asner


Suspiria: 2018 | R | 152 min | 6.933 rating
Young American dancer Susie Bannion arrives in 1970s Berlin to audition for the world-renowned Helena Markos Dance Company. When she vaults to the role of lead dancer, the woman she replaces breaks down and accuses the company's female directors of witchcraft. Meanwhile, an inquisitive psychotherapist and a member of the troupe uncover dark and sinister secrets as they probe the depths of the studio's hidden underground chambers.
Cast: Dakota Johnson, Tilda Swinton, Mia Goth, Angela Winkler, Ingrid Caven


Poltergeist: 1982 | R | 114 min | 7.2 rating
Steve Freeling lives with his wife, Diane, and their three children, Dana, Robbie, and Carol Anne, in Southern California where he sells houses for the company that built the neighborhood. It starts with just a few odd occurrences, such as broken dishes and furniture moving around by itself. However, when he realizes that something truly evil haunts his home, Steve calls in a team of parapsychologists led by Dr. Lesh to help before it's too late.
Cast: Craig T. Nelson, JoBeth Williams, Beatrice Straight, Dominique Dunne, Oliver Robins


The Green Knight: 2021 | R | 130 min | 6.586 rating
An epic fantasy adventure based on the timeless Arthurian legend, The Green Knight tells the story of Sir Gawain, King Arthur's reckless and headstrong nephew, who embarks on a daring quest to confront the eponymous Green Knight, a gigantic emerald-skinned stranger and tester of men.
Cast: Dev Patel, Alicia Vikander, Joel Edgerton, Sarita Choudhury, Sean Harris


Herbie Rides Again: 1974 | G | 88 min | 6.1 rating
The living Volkswagen Beetle helps an old lady protect her home from a corrupt developer.
Cast: Helen Hayes, Ken Berry, Stefanie Powers, John McIntire, Keenan Wynn


Joseph: 1995 |  | 178 min | 8.2 rating
The Biblical story of Joseph, who was sold to slavery by his brothers who were jealous of his prophetic abilities to analyze dreams and of his being their fathers' favorite.
Cast: Ben Kingsley, Paul Mercurio, Dominique Sanda, Lesley Ann Warren, Martin Landau


Insomnia: 2002 | R | 118 min | 6.9 rating
Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatched to a northern town where the sun doesn't set to investigate the methodical murder of a local teen.
Cast: Al Pacino, Robin Williams, Hilary Swank, Martin Donovan, Maura Tierney


The Devil's Rejects: 2005 | R | 107 min | 6.745 rating
The murderous, backwoods Firefly family take to the road to escape the vengeful Sheriff Wydell, who is not afraid of being as ruthless as his target.
Cast: Sid Haig, Bill Moseley, Sheri Moon Zombie, William Forsythe, Ken Foree


Hitman: 2007 | R | 89 min | 6.1 rating
A genetically engineered assassin with deadly aim, known only as "Agent 47" eliminates strategic targets for a top-secret organization. But when he's double-crossed, the hunter becomes the prey as 47 finds himself in a life-or-death game of international intrigue.
Cast: Timothy Olyphant, Dougray Scott, Olga Kurylenko, Robert Knepper, Ulrich Thomsen


Saint Seiya Heaven Chapter: Overture: 2004 | NR | 83 min | 7.6 rating
After the bloody battle against Hades, the goddess Athena and her saints are still recovering when they find themselves face to face with their newest and most formidable foe: the dreadful moon goddess Artemis. Artemis replaces Athena as the earth guardian deity and takes over the Sanctuary, turning Athena's Saints into her servants.  Upon invading the Sanctuary, the Bronze Saints learn that Athena was banished by Artemis and decide to fight the moon goddess in order to rescue their true goddess and free the Earth from Artemis's ominous control.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Koichi Hashimoto, Ryou Horikawa, Hideyuki Hori


Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins: 2009 | PG | 82 min | 6.4 rating
Unjustly accused of staging a spooky practical joke complete with ghosts, Daphne, Velma, Fred and Shaggy are suspended from Coolsville High. To clear their names, they team up to solve the supernatural mystery…and head straight into nonstop laughs and adventure.
Cast: Nick Palatas, Hayley Kiyoko, Frank Welker, Robbie Amell, Kate Melton


War Room: 2015 | PG | 120 min | 7.783 rating
The family-friendly movie explores the transformational role prayer plays in the lives of the Jordan family. Tony and Elizabeth Jordan, a middle-class couple who seemingly have it all – great jobs, a beautiful daughter, their dream home. But appearances can be deceiving. In reality, the Jordan’s marriage has become a war zone and their daughter is collateral damage. With the help of Miss Clara, an older, wiser woman, Elizabeth discovers she can start fighting for her family instead of against them. Through a newly energized faith, Elizabeth and Tony’s real enemy doesn’t have a prayer.
Cast: Karen Abercrombie, Priscilla C. Shirer, T.C. Stallings, Tenae Downing, Alena Pitts


Monster House: 2006 | PG | 91 min | 6.671 rating
Monsters under the bed are scary enough, but what happens when an entire house is out to get you? Three teens aim to find out when they go up against a decrepit neighboring home and unlock its frightening secrets.
Cast: Mitchel Musso, Sam Lerner, Spencer Locke, Steve Buscemi, Maggie Gyllenhaal


Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers: 1988 | R | 88 min | 6.201 rating
The apparently comatose Michael Myers is being transferred from one hospital to another, but he wakes up when the ambulance crew talk about his surviving niece, Jamie. After slaughtering his attendants, Myers sets out to find his one living relative who is, fortunately, being cared for by a kind and resourceful foster sister named Rachel. Meanwhile, the ever-cautious Dr. Loomis remains on the killer's path.
Cast: Donald Pleasence, Danielle Harris, Ellie Cornell, George P. Wilbur, Michael Pataki


The Perfect Find: 2023 | R | 99 min | 6.126 rating
After a high-profile firing, everything is at stake for 40-year-old Jenna: her career, her ticking biological clock, and her bank account. Her fashion career comeback hits a snag when she falls for a charming, much younger coworker — who happens to be her boss’s son. As sparks fly, Jenna must decide if she’ll risk it all on a secret romance with the one person who could destroy her comeback.
Cast: Gabrielle Union, Keith Powers, Gina Torres, Aisha Hinds, La La Anthony


Silver Linings Playbook: 2012 | R | 122 min | 7.1 rating
After spending eight months in a mental institution, a former teacher moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver, Chris Tucker


Good Luck to You, Leo Grande: 2022 |  | 97 min | 7.005 rating
Nancy Stokes is pretty sure she has never had good sex. Nancy is a retired schoolteacher. Now that her husband has died, she is determined to take a tour of sexual vistas that until now she has only imagined. She even has a plan; it involves an anonymous hotel room, and a sex worker who calls himself Leo Grande.
Cast: Emma Thompson, Daryl McCormack, Isabella Laughland, Les Mabaleka, Lennie Beare


Greta: 2018 | R | 98 min | 6.6 rating
A young woman returns a lonely widow’s lost purse, leading to an unlikely relationship between the two — until the young woman discovers the widow might not be all that she seems.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Isabelle Huppert, Maika Monroe, Colm Feore, Stephen Rea


How to Be a Latin Lover: 2017 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.9 rating
An aging Latin lover gets dumped by his sugar mama and must fend for himself in a harsh world.
Cast: Eugenio Derbez, Salma Hayek Pinault, Rob Lowe, Kristen Bell, Raquel Welch


Virgin Territory: 2007 | R | 93 min | 4.664 rating
The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow.
Cast: Hayden Christensen, Mischa Barton, Kate Groombridge, Rosalind Halstead, Tim Roth


Any Given Sunday: 1999 | R | 162 min | 6.826 rating
A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the ageing coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove herself in a male dominated world.
Cast: Al Pacino, Cameron Diaz, Jamie Foxx, Dennis Quaid, James Woods


Savage Salvation: 2022 | R | 101 min | 6.5 rating
Newly engaged Shelby John and Ruby Red want a fresh start after their struggles with addiction, but when Shelby discovers his beloved Ruby dead on their porch, he embarks on a vengeful killing spree of the dealers who supplied her. Armed with nothing but adrenaline and a nail gun, Shelby begins to unleash chaos on the town’s criminal underbelly, as he hunt’s down crime lord Coyote. Sheriff Church must race against the clock to put an end to Shelby's vigilante justice before the entire town descends into a bloodbath.
Cast: Jack Huston, Robert De Niro, John Malkovich, Willa Fitzgerald, Quavo


Gunfight at the O.K. Corral: 1957 | NR | 122 min | 7 rating
Lawman Wyatt Earp and outlaw Doc Holliday form an unlikely alliance which culminates in their participation in the legendary Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
Cast: Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Jo Van Fleet, Rhonda Fleming, John Ireland


Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer: 2007 | PG | 92 min | 5.599 rating
The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as a new and all powerful enemy threatens the Earth. The seemingly unstoppable 'Silver Surfer', but all is not what it seems and there are old and new enemies that pose a greater threat than the intrepid superheroes realize.
Cast: Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Chris Evans, Michael Chiklis, Julian McMahon


Little Shop of Horrors: 1986 | PG-13 | 94 min | 6.9 rating
Seymour Krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at Mushnik's, a flower shop in urban Skid Row. He harbors a crush on fellow co-worker Audrey Fulquard, and is berated by Mr. Mushnik daily. One day Seymour finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls Audrey II. The plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper.
Cast: Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene, Vincent Gardenia, Levi Stubbs, Steve Martin


The Jack in the Box: Awakening: 2022 |  | 89 min | 6.4 rating
When a vintage Jack-in-the-box is opened by a dying woman, she enters into a deal with the demon within that would see her illness cured in return for helping it claim six innocent victims.
Cast: Matt McClure, Mollie Hindle, James Swanton, Nicola Wright, Nicholas Anscombe


The Price We Pay: 2023 | R | 85 min | 5.924 rating
After a pawn shop robbery goes askew, two criminals take refuge at a remote farmhouse to try to let the heat die down, but find something much more menacing.
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Stephen Dorff, Gigi Zumbado, Tyler Sanders, Erika Ervin


Marriage Story: 2019 | R | 137 min | 7.8 rating
A stage director and an actress struggle through a grueling, coast-to-coast divorce that pushes them to their personal extremes.
Cast: Adam Driver, Scarlett Johansson, Laura Dern, Alan Alda, Ray Liotta


Love Story: 1970 | PG | 99 min | 6.781 rating
Harvard Law student Oliver Barrett IV and music student Jennifer Cavilleri share a chemistry they cannot deny - and a love they cannot ignore. Despite their opposite backgrounds, the young couple put their hearts on the line for each other. When they marry, Oliver's wealthy father threatens to disown him. Jenny tries to reconcile the Barrett men, but to no avail.
Cast: Ali MacGraw, Ryan O'Neal, John Marley, Ray Milland, Russell Nype


Batman: Gotham Knight: 2008 | PG-13 | 76 min | 6.674 rating
A chronicle of Bruce Wayne's establishment and progression into Gotham City’s legendary caped crusader through 6 standalone episodes.
Cast: Kevin Conroy, Jason Marsden, Scott Menville, George Newbern, Corey Padnos


The Santa Clause 2: 2002 | G | 104 min | 5.9 rating
Better watch out! The big guy in red is coming to town once again. This time, Scott Calvin -- also known as Santa Claus -- finds out there's an obscure clause in his contract requiring him to take on a wife. He has to leave the North Pole to fulfill his obligations, or else he'll be forced to give up his Yuletide gig.
Cast: Tim Allen, Elizabeth Mitchell, David Krumholtz, Eric Lloyd, Judge Reinhold


Nanny: 2022 |  | 99 min | 5.4 rating
Senegalese immigrant Aisha lands a job as a nanny for a wealthy Manhattan couple. As she prepares for the arrival of the son she left behind in Senegal, a violent presence begins to invade both her dreams and her reality, threatening to destroy the American Dream she is painstakingly piecing together.
Cast: Anna Diop, Michelle Monaghan, Sinqua Walls, Morgan Spector, Rose Decker


Nerve: 2016 | PG-13 | 96 min | 7.041 rating
Industrious high school senior Vee Delmonico has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Dave Franco, Emily Meade, Miles Heizer, Juliette Lewis


Pathfinder: 2007 | R | 99 min | 5.6 rating
A Viking boy is left behind after his clan battles a Native American tribe. Raised within the tribe, he ultimately becomes their savior in a fight against the Norsemen.
Cast: Karl Urban, Moon Bloodgood, Nicole Muñoz, Clancy Brown, Jay Tavare


The Upside: 2019 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.2 rating
Phillip is a wealthy quadriplegic who needs a caretaker to help him with his day-to-day routine in his New York penthouse. He decides to hire Dell, a struggling parolee who's trying to reconnect with his ex and his young son. Despite coming from two different worlds, an unlikely friendship starts to blossom.
Cast: Kevin Hart, Bryan Cranston, Nicole Kidman, Golshifteh Farahani, Aja Naomi King


The Happening: 2008 | R | 91 min | 5.39 rating
When a deadly airborne virus threatens to wipe out the northeastern United States, teacher Elliott Moore and his wife Alma flee from contaminated cities into the countryside in a fight to discover the truth. Is it terrorism, the accidental release of some toxic military bio weapon -- or something even more sinister?
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Zooey Deschanel, John Leguizamo, Ashlyn Sanchez, Betty Buckley


Pink Cadillac: 1989 | PG-13 | 122 min | 5.446 rating
A bounty hunter helps out the wife of a bail-jumper after her child is kidnapped by neo-Nazi types.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Bernadette Peters, Timothy Carhart, Jim Carrey, Tiffany Gail Robinson


Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance: 2011 | PG-13 | 96 min | 5 rating
When the devil resurfaces with aims to take over the world in human form, Johnny Blaze reluctantly comes out of hiding to transform into the flame-spewing supernatural hero Ghost Rider -- and rescue a 10-year-old boy from an unsavory end.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Violante Placido, Ciarán Hinds, Idris Elba, Johnny Whitworth


Fifty Shades of Black: 2016 | R | 92 min | 4.9 rating
An inexperienced college student meets a wealthy businessman whose sexual practices put a strain on their relationship.
Cast: Marlon Wayans, Kali Hawk, Fred Willard, Mike Epps, Affion Crockett


1941: 1979 | PG | 118 min | 5.857 rating
In the days after the attack on Pearl Harbor, panic grips California, where a military officer leads a mob chasing a Japanese sub.
Cast: Dan Aykroyd, Ned Beatty, John Belushi, Lorraine Gary, Murray Hamilton


Blockers: 2018 | R | 102 min | 6.31 rating
When three parents discover that each of their daughters have a pact to lose their virginity at prom, they launch a covert one-night operation to stop the teens from sealing the deal.
Cast: Leslie Mann, John Cena, Ike Barinholtz, Kathryn Newton, Geraldine Viswanathan


Suburban Swingers Club: 2019 |  | 84 min | 4.2 rating
A young married couple makes a huge mistake by agreeing to participate in a secret swingers' party in their suburban neighborhood, and soon both of them are being targeted by a jealous and homicidal neighbor.
Cast: Dana Davis, Jesse Ruda, James William O'Halloran, Elizabeth Leiner, Nawal Bengholam


Flyboys: 2006 | PG-13 | 138 min | 6.537 rating
The adventures of the Lafayette Escadrille, young Americans who volunteered for the French military before the U.S. entered World War I, and became the country's first fighter pilots.
Cast: James Franco, David Ellison, Jean Reno, Philip Winchester, Todd Boyce


The Emoji Movie: 2017 | PG | 86 min | 5.481 rating
Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji.
Cast: T.J. Miller, James Corden, Anna Faris, Maya Rudolph, Steven Wright


Spanglish: 2004 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6 rating
Mexican immigrant and single mother Flor Moreno finds housekeeping work with Deborah and John Clasky, a well-off couple with two children of their own. When Flor admits she can't handle the schedule because of her daughter, Cristina, Deborah decides they should move into the Clasky home. Cultures clash and tensions run high as Flor and the Claskys struggle to share space while raising their children on their own, and very different, terms.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Téa Leoni, Paz Vega, Cloris Leachman, Shelbie Bruce


Asterix & Obelix: The Middle Kingdom: 2023 | PG | 112 min | 4.898 rating
Gallic heroes and forever friends Asterix and Obelix journey to China to help Princess Sa See save the Empress and her land from a nefarious prince.
Cast: Guillaume Canet, Gilles Lellouche, Vincent Cassel, Jonathan Cohen, Julie Chen


American Ultra: 2015 | R | 96 min | 6.091 rating
Mike is an unmotivated stoner whose small-town life with his live-in girlfriend, Phoebe, is suddenly turned upside down.  Unbeknownst to him, Mike is actually a highly trained, lethal sleeper agent. In the blink of an eye, as his secret past comes back to haunt him, Mike is thrust into the middle of a deadly government operation and is forced to summon his inner action-hero in order to survive.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, Topher Grace, Connie Britton, Walton Goggins


Melancholia: 2011 | R | 135 min | 7.201 rating
Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth.
Cast: Kirsten Dunst, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Kiefer Sutherland, Charlotte Rampling, John Hurt


Gridiron Gang: 2006 | PG-13 | 125 min | 7.032 rating
Teenagers at a juvenile detention center, under the leadership of their counselor, gain self-esteem by playing football together.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Xzibit, L. Scott Caldwell, Leon Rippy, Kevin Dunn


Fried Green Tomatoes: 1991 | PG-13 | 130 min | 7.69 rating
Amidst her own personality crisis, southern housewife Evelyn Couch meets Ninny, an outgoing old woman who tells her the story of Idgie Threadgoode and Ruth Jamison, two young women who experienced hardships and love in Whistle Stop, Alabama in the 1920s.
Cast: Kathy Bates, Jessica Tandy, Mary-Louise Parker, Mary Stuart Masterson, Cicely Tyson


Cold Mountain: 2003 | R | 154 min | 6.918 rating
In this classic story of love and devotion set against the backdrop of the American Civil War, a wounded Confederate soldier named W.P. Inman deserts his unit and travels across the South, aiming to return to his young wife, Ada, who he left behind to tend their farm. As Inman makes his perilous journey home, Ada struggles to keep their home intact with the assistance of Ruby, a mysterious drifter sent to help her by a kindly neighbor.
Cast: Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, Renée Zellweger, Eileen Atkins, Brendan Gleeson


Fallen: 1998 | R | 124 min | 6.788 rating
Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer Edgar Reese. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style.
Cast: Denzel Washington, John Goodman, Donald Sutherland, Embeth Davidtz, James Gandolfini


The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones: 2013 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.436 rating
In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordinary teenager, learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters — half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires, and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future.
Cast: Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, Robert Sheehan, Kevin Zegers, Jemima West


Rounders: 1998 | R | 121 min | 7.011 rating
A young reformed gambler must return to playing big stakes poker to help a friend pay off loan sharks.
Cast: Matt Damon, Edward Norton, John Turturro, Gretchen Mol, John Malkovich


Rain Man: 1988 | R | 134 min | 7.8 rating
When car dealer Charlie Babbitt learns that his estranged father has died, he returns home to Cincinnati, where he discovers that he has a savant older brother named Raymond and that his father's $3 million fortune is being left to the mental institution in which Raymond lives. Motivated by his father's money, Charlie checks Raymond out of the facility in order to return with him to Los Angeles. The brothers' cross-country trip ends up changing both their lives.
Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Tom Cruise, Valeria Golino, Gerald R. Molen, Jack Murdock


A Bad Moms Christmas: 2017 | R | 104 min | 6.325 rating
Amy, Kiki and Carla – three under-appreciated and over-burdened women – rebel against the challenges and expectations of the Super Bowl for mothers: Christmas. And if creating a more perfect holiday for their families wasn’t hard enough, they have to do all of that while hosting and entertaining their own mothers.
Cast: Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Susan Sarandon, Christine Baranski


Possession: 1981 | R | 124 min | 7.344 rating
A young woman left her family for an unspecified reason. The husband determines to find out the truth and starts following his wife. At first, he suspects that a man is involved. But gradually, he finds out more and more strange behaviors and bizarre incidents that indicate something more than a possessed love affair.
Cast: Isabelle Adjani, Sam Neill, Margit Carstensen, Heinz Bennent, Johanna Hofer


Dallas Buyers Club: 2013 | R | 117 min | 7.932 rating
Loosely based on the true-life tale of Ron Woodroof, a drug-taking, women-loving, homophobic man who in 1986 was diagnosed with HIV/AIDS and given thirty days to live.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Jared Leto, Jennifer Garner, Denis O'Hare, Steve Zahn


Swept Away: 2002 | R | 89 min | 4.8 rating
Stranded and alone on a desert island during a cruise, a spoiled rich woman and a deckhand fall in love and make a date to reunite after their rescue.
Cast: Madonna, Adriano Giannini, Bruce Greenwood, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Elizabeth Banks


A-X-L: 2018 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.306 rating
The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology.
Cast: Alex Neustaedter, Becky G, Alex MacNicoll, Dominic Rains, Thomas Jane


Bandits: 2001 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.258 rating
After escaping from prison, Joe and Terry go on a crime spree, robbing banks through Oregon and California in order to finance their scheme for a new life south of the border. Unfortunately, things get more complicated when they meet Kate, who runs into them with her car. She joins the bandits on their cross-country spree, and eventually she steals something, too: their hearts.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Cate Blanchett, Troy Garity, William Converse-Roberts


Teen Titans: The Judas Contract: 2017 | PG-13 | 84 min | 7.372 rating
Tara Markov is a girl who has power over earth and stone; she is also more than she seems. Is the newest Teen Titan an ally or a threat? And what are the mercenary Deathstroke's plans for the Titans?
Cast: Stuart Allan, Jake T. Austin, Taissa Farmiga, Christina Ricci, Brandon Soo Hoo


Fate/stay night: Heaven's Feel III. Spring Song: 2020 |  | 120 min | 7.777 rating
As Sakura drowns in the murky darkness of the sins she has committed, Shirou's vow to protect her at all costs leads him into a raging battle to put an end to the Holy Grail War.  Will Shirou's wish reach Sakura even as he challenges fate itself in a desperate battle against the rising tide?
Cast: Noriaki Sugiyama, Noriko Shitaya, Ayako Kawasumi, Kana Ueda, Mai Kadowaki


Sniper: Rogue Mission: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.6 rating
When a crooked federal agent is involved in a human sex trafficking ring, Sniper and CIA Rookie Brandon Beckett goes rogue, teaming up with his former allies Homeland Security Agent Zero and assassin Lady Death to uncover the corrupt agent and take down the criminal organization.
Cast: Chad Michael Collins, Ryan Robbins, Sayaka Akimoto, Brendan Sexton III, Josh Brener


Ma: 2019 | R | 99 min | 5.818 rating
Sue Ann is a loner who keeps to herself in her quiet Ohio town. One day, she is asked by Maggie, a new teenager in town, to buy some booze for her and her friends, and Sue Ann sees the chance to make some unsuspecting, if younger, friends of her own.
Cast: Octavia Spencer, Diana Silvers, Juliette Lewis, Corey Fogelmanis, McKaley Miller


The Minute You Wake Up Dead: 2022 | R | 90 min | 5.402 rating
A stockbroker in a small southern town gets embroiled in an insurance scam with a next-door neighbor that leads to multiple murders when a host of other people want in on the plot. Sheriff Thurmond Fowler, the by-the-book town sheriff for over four decades, works earnestly to try and unravel the town’s mystery and winds up getting more than he bargained for.
Cast: Cole Hauser, Jaimie Alexander, Morgan Freeman, Darren Mann, Andrew Stevens


Cobra: 1986 | R | 87 min | 6.063 rating
A tough-on-crime street cop must protect the only surviving witness to a strange murderous cult with far reaching plans.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Brigitte Nielsen, Reni Santoni, Brian Thompson, Lee Garlington


Hitman: Agent 47: 2015 | R | 96 min | 5.8 rating
An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry.
Cast: Rupert Friend, Zachary Quinto, Hannah Ware, Emilio Rivera, Rolf Kanies


Arn: The Knight Templar: 2007 | PG-13 | 139 min | 6.3 rating
Arn, the son of a high-ranking Swedish nobleman is educated in a monastery and sent to the Holy Land as a knight templar to do penance for a forbidden love.
Cast: Joakim Nätterqvist, Sofia Helin, Stellan Skarsgård, Michael Nyqvist, Mirja Turestedt


Solaris: 2002 | PG-13 | 99 min | 5.895 rating
A troubled psychologist is sent to investigate the crew of an isolated research station orbiting a bizarre planet.
Cast: George Clooney, Natascha McElhone, Viola Davis, Jeremy Davies, Ulrich Tukur


We Are Your Friends: 2015 | R | 96 min | 6.738 rating
Young Cole Carter dreams of hitting the big time as a Hollywood disc jockey, spending his days and nights hanging with buddies and working on the one track that will set the world on fire. Opportunity comes knocking when he meets James Reed, a charismatic DJ who takes the 23-year-old under his wing. Soon, his seemingly clear path to success gets complicated when he starts falling for his mentor's girlfriend, jeopardizing his new friendship and the future he seems destined to fulfill.
Cast: Zac Efron, Wes Bentley, Emily Ratajkowski, Jonny Weston, Shiloh Fernandez


Black Site: 2022 | R | 99 min | 6.4 rating
A group of officers based in a labyrinthine top-secret prison must fight for their lives against Hatchet, a brilliant and infamous high-value detainee. When he escapes, his mysterious and deadly agenda has far reaching and dire consequences.
Cast: Jason Clarke, Michelle Monaghan, Jai Courtney, Pallavi Sharda, Fayssal Bazzi


The Last Samurai: 2003 | R | 154 min | 7.578 rating
Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct the Japanese army in the ways of modern warfare, which finds him learning to respect the samurai and the honorable principles that rule them. Pressed to destroy the samurai's way of life in the name of modernization and open trade, Algren decides to become an ultimate warrior himself and to fight for their right to exist.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, Timothy Spall, Tony Goldwyn, Hiroyuki Sanada


Elephant: 2003 |  | 81 min | 7.092 rating
Several ordinary high school students go through their daily routine as two others prepare for something more malevolent.
Cast: Alex Frost, Eric Deulen, John Robinson, Elias McConnell, Jordan Taylor


Tomorrow Never Dies: 1997 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.4 rating
A deranged media mogul is staging international incidents to pit the world's superpowers against each other. Now James Bond must take on this evil mastermind in an adrenaline-charged battle to end his reign of terror and prevent global pandemonium.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Jonathan Pryce, Michelle Yeoh, Teri Hatcher, Joe Don Baker


The Drop: 2014 | R | 106 min | 6.772 rating
Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends, families, and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Noomi Rapace, James Gandolfini, Matthias Schoenaerts, John Ortiz


UglyDolls: 2019 | PG | 87 min | 6.7 rating
In the adorably different town of Uglyville, weirdness is celebrated, strangeness is special and beauty is embraced as more than meets the eye. After traveling to the other side of a mountain, Moxy and her UglyDoll friends discover Perfection -- a town where more conventional dolls receive training before entering the real world to find the love of a child.
Cast: Kelly Clarkson, Nick Jonas, Janelle Monáe, Blake Shelton, Leehom Wang


Logan Lucky: 2017 | PG-13 | 118 min | 6.73 rating
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy and Clyde Logan set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, Daniel Craig, Riley Keough, Katie Holmes


Bungo Stray Dogs: Dead Apple: 2018 | NC-17 | 90 min | 8.2 rating
A large scale catastrophe is occurring across the planet. Ability users are discovered after the appearance of a mysterious fog, apparently having committed suicide, so the Armed Detective Agency sets out to investigate these mysterious deaths. The case seems to involve an unknown ability user referred to as "Collector," a man who could be the mastermind behind the incident.
 Trust and courage are put to the test in order to save the city of Yokohama and ability users across the world from the grip of Collector where the Armed Detective Agency forms an unlikely partnership with the dangerous Port Mafia.
Cast: Kensho Ono, Mamoru Miyano, Kisho Taniyama, Yuto Uemura, Akira Ishida


The American: 2010 | R | 104 min | 5.936 rating
Dispatched to a small Italian town to await further orders, assassin Jack embarks on a double life that may be more relaxing than is good for him.
Cast: George Clooney, Violante Placido, Thekla Reuten, Paolo Bonacelli, Johan Leysen


The Voices: 2014 | R | 101 min | 6.243 rating
A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide whether to listen to his talking cat and become a killer, or follow his dog's advice to keep striving for normalcy.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Gemma Arterton, Anna Kendrick, Jacki Weaver, Ella Smith


Samson and Delilah: 1949 | NR | 134 min | 6.6 rating
When strongman Samson rejects the love of the beautiful Philistine woman Delilah, she seeks vengeance that brings horrible consequences they both regret. The classic story of Samson and Delilah as told by Cecil B. DeMille.
Cast: Hedy Lamarr, Victor Mature, George Sanders, Angela Lansbury, Henry Wilcoxon


Duel: 1971 | PG | 89 min | 7.42 rating
Traveling businessman David Mann angers the driver of a rusty tanker while crossing the California desert. A simple trip turns deadly, as Mann struggles to stay on the road while the tanker plays cat and mouse with his life.
Cast: Dennis Weaver, Jacqueline Scott, Eddie Firestone, Lou Frizzell, Gene Dynarski


Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood: 1996 | R | 89 min | 6.971 rating
When Ashtray moves to South Central L.A. to live with his father (who appears to be the same age he is) and grandmother (who likes to talk tough and smoke reefer), he falls in with his gang-banging cousin Loc Dog, who along with the requisite pistols and Uzi carries a thermo-nuclear warhead for self-defense. Will Ashtray be able to keep living the straight life?
Cast: Shawn Wayans, Marlon Wayans, Tracey Cherelle Jones, Chris Spencer, Vivica A. Fox


Bright: 2017 | R | 117 min | 6.152 rating
In an alternate present-day where magical creatures live among us, two L.A. cops become embroiled in a prophesied turf battle.
Cast: Will Smith, Joel Edgerton, Lucy Fry, Noomi Rapace, Edgar Ramírez


Dunkirk: 2017 | PG-13 | 107 min | 7.456 rating
The story of the miraculous evacuation of Allied soldiers from Belgium, Britain, Canada and France, who were cut off and surrounded by the German army from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk between May 26th and June 4th 1940 during World War II.
Cast: Fionn Whitehead, Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy


Violet Evergarden: Eternity and the Auto Memory Doll: 2019 |  | 91 min | 8.202 rating
Isabella, the daughter of the noble York family, is enrolled in an all-girls academy to be groomed into a dame worthy of nobility. However, she has given up on her future, seeing the prestigious school as nothing more than a prison from the outside world. Her family notices her struggling in her lessons and decides to hire Violet Evergarden to personally tutor her under the guise of a handmaiden.  At first, Isabella treats Violet coldly. Violet seems to be able to do everything perfectly, leading Isabella to assume that she was born with a silver spoon. After some time, Isabella begins to realize that Violet has had her own struggles and starts to open up to her. Isabella soon reveals that she has lost contact with her beloved younger sister, whom she yearns to see again.  Having experienced the power of words through her past clientele, Violet asks if Isabella wishes to write a letter to Taylor. Will Violet be able to help Isabella convey her feelings to her long-lost sister?
Cast: Yui Ishikawa, Minako Kotobuki, Aoi Yuki, Koki Uchiyama, Takehito Koyasu


The Skin I Live In: 2011 | R | 120 min | 7.524 rating
A brilliant plastic surgeon creates a synthetic skin that withstands any kind of damage. His guinea pig: a mysterious and volatile woman who holds the key to his obsession.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Elena Anaya, Marisa Paredes, Jan Cornet, Roberto Álamo


Bent: 2018 | R | 96 min | 5.3 rating
On his latest private investigation, a shamed former cop connects a murder case to a government conspiracy involving rogue agents from a top spy agency.
Cast: Karl Urban, Sofía Vergara, Grace Byers, Andy García, Vincent Spano


Incendies: 2010 | R | 131 min | 8.1 rating
A mother's last wishes send twins Jeanne and Simon on a journey to Middle East in search of their tangled roots. Adapted from Wajdi Mouawad's acclaimed play, Incendies tells the powerful and moving tale of two young adults' voyage to the core of deep-rooted hatred, never-ending wars and enduring love.
Cast: Lubna Azabal, Mélissa Désormeaux-Poulin, Maxim Gaudette, Rémy Girard, Allen Altman


The New Guy: 2002 | PG-13 | 88 min | 5.9 rating
Nerdy high school senior Dizzy Harrison has finally gotten lucky -- after purposely getting expelled, he takes lessons in 'badass cool' from a convict and enrolls at a new school. But can he keep up the ruse?
Cast: DJ Qualls, Eliza Dushku, Zooey Deschanel, Lyle Lovett, Jerod Mixon


Along with the Gods: The Last 49 Days: 2018 | NR | 141 min | 8.153 rating
As the deceased soul Ja-hong and his three afterlife guardians prepare for their remaining trials for reincarnation, the guardians soon come face to face with the truth of their tragic time on Earth 1,000 years earlier.
Cast: Ha Jung-woo, Ju Ji-hoon, Kim Hyang-gi, Ma Dong-seok, Kim Dong-wook


Vantage Point: 2008 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.381 rating
The attempted assassination of the American president is told and re-told from several different perspectives.
Cast: Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker, Sigourney Weaver, William Hurt


Space Cowboys: 2000 | PG-13 | 130 min | 6.376 rating
Frank Corvin, ‘Hawk’ Hawkins, Jerry O'Neill and ‘Tank’ Sullivan were hotdog members of Project Daedalus, the Air Force's test program for space travel, but their hopes were dashed in 1958 with the formation of NASA and the use of trained chimps. They blackmail their way into orbit when Russia's mysterious ‘Ikon’ communications satellite's orbit begins to degrade and threatens to crash to Earth.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner, James Cromwell


21 Grams: 2003 | R | 124 min | 7.338 rating
Paul Rivers, an ailing mathematician lovelessly married to an English émigré; Christina Peck, an upper-middle-class suburban housewife and mother of two girls; and Jack Jordan, a born-again ex-con, are brought together by a terrible accident that changes their lives.
Cast: Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Danny Huston, Carly Nahon, Claire Pakis


Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard: 2009 | PG | 93 min | 5.726 rating
Arthur answers a distress call from Princess Selenia, who is menaced by the nefarious Maltazard.
Cast: Freddie Highmore, Mia Farrow, Logan Miller, Robert Stanton, Penny Balfour


Flushed Away: 2006 | PG | 84 min | 6.269 rating
London high-society mouse, Roddy is flushed down the toilet by Sid, a common sewer rat. Hang on for a madcap adventure deep in the sewer bowels of Ratropolis, where Roddy meets the resourceful Rita, the rodent-hating Toad and his faithful thugs, Spike and Whitey.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Kate Winslet, Ian McKellen, Jean Reno, Bill Nighy


Howard the Duck: 1986 | PG | 110 min | 5.402 rating
A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the Earth through a laser beam. First is the cigar smoking drake Howard from the duck's planet. A few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him back to his planet. But then a much less friendly being arrives through the beam...
Cast: Lea Thompson, Jeffrey Jones, Tim Robbins, Ed Gale, Holly Robinson Peete


Rocketman: 2019 | R | 121 min | 7.3 rating
The story of Elton John's life, from his years as a prodigy at the Royal Academy of Music through his influential and enduring musical partnership with Bernie Taupin.
Cast: Taron Egerton, Jamie Bell, Richard Madden, Bryce Dallas Howard, Gemma Jones


Bad Boys II: 2003 | R | 147 min | 6.6 rating
Detectives Marcus Burnett and Mike Lowrey of the Miami Narcotics Task Force are tasked with stopping the flow of the drug ecstasy into Miami. They track the drugs to the whacked-out Cuban drug lord Johnny Tapia, who is also involved in a bloody war with Russian and Haitian mobsters. If that isn't bad enough, there's tension between the two detectives when Marcus discovers that playboy Mike is secretly romancing Marcus’ sister, Syd.
Cast: Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, Gabrielle Union, Jordi Mollà, Peter Stormare


Deep Rising: 1998 | R | 106 min | 6.169 rating
A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the South Pacific Ocean to loot it, only to do battle with a series of large-sized, tentacled, man-eating sea creatures who have taken over the ship first.
Cast: Treat Williams, Famke Janssen, Anthony Heald, Kevin J. O'Connor, Wes Studi


Vampires: 1998 | R | 108 min | 6.314 rating
The church enlists a team of vampire-hunters to hunt down and destroy a group of vampires searching for an ancient relic that will allow them to exist in sunlight.
Cast: James Woods, Daniel Baldwin, Sheryl Lee, Thomas Ian Griffith, Maximilian Schell


Æon Flux: 2005 | PG-13 | 93 min | 5.601 rating
400 years into the future, disease has wiped out the majority of the world's population, except one walled city, Bregna, ruled by a congress of scientists. When Æon Flux, the top operative in the underground 'Monican' rebellion, is sent on a mission to kill a government leader, she uncovers a world of secrets.
Cast: Charlize Theron, Marton Csokas, Jonny Lee Miller, Sophie Okonedo, Frances McDormand


Innerspace: 1987 | PG | 120 min | 6.824 rating
Test pilot Tuck Pendleton volunteers to test a special vessel for a miniaturization experiment. Accidentally injected into a neurotic hypochondriac, Jack Putter, Tuck must convince Jack to find his ex-girlfriend, Lydia Maxwell, to help him extract Tuck and his ship and re-enlarge them before his oxygen runs out.
Cast: Dennis Quaid, Martin Short, Meg Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Fiona Lewis


Calm Before: 2021 |  | 109 min | 7.5 rating
A husband and wife on the brink of divorce are trapped at a Lake House on their anniversary and are forced to confront their demons, both real and imaginary.
Cast: Vanessa Ore, Michael Lombardi, David Bianchi, Karen Abercrombie, Catherine Trail


The Game: 1997 | R | 129 min | 7.562 rating
In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nary a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Sean Penn, Deborah Kara Unger, James Rebhorn, Peter Donat


Deck the Halls: 2011 | PG-13 | 88 min | 4.5 rating
Detective Regan Reilly and cleaning-woman-turned-private-eye Alvirah Meegan, investigate the kidnapping of Regan's father and a young female driver just before the holidays. The race is on to rescue the pair and get them home in time for Christmas.
Cast: Scottie Thompson, David Selby, Kathy Najimy, Eric Johnson, Larry Miller


Dennis the Menace Strikes Again!: 1998 | G | 71 min | 5.4 rating
Barricade the doors. Lock the windows. Because he's baaaack. That one-boy wrecking crew, Dennis the Menace, returns for more mischief and mayhem. Based on the comic strip and TV show about a mischievous little boy with a gift for the potentially lethal prank.
Cast: Don Rickles, George Kennedy, Justin Cooper, Betty White, Brian Doyle-Murray


Paths of Glory: 1957 | NR | 88 min | 8.281 rating
A commanding officer defends three scapegoats on trial for a failed offensive that occurred within the French Army in 1916.
Cast: Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Wayne Morris


Lights Out: 2016 | PG-13 | 81 min | 6.343 rating
Rebecca must unlock the terror behind her little brother's experiences that once tested her sanity, bringing her face to face with a supernatural spirit attached to their mother.
Cast: Teresa Palmer, Maria Bello, Gabriel Bateman, Alexander DiPersia, Alicia Vela-Bailey


EverAfter: 1998 | PG-13 | 121 min | 7.393 rating
Orphaned as a child, Danielle is treated like a servant by her wicked stepmother and two stepsisters. When she stumbles onto Prince Henry, who's fleeing an arranged marriage, the two inspire each other to resolve their respective troubles.
Cast: Drew Barrymore, Anjelica Huston, Dougray Scott, Patrick Godfrey, Megan Dodds


Valentine's Day: 2010 | PG-13 | 125 min | 5.908 rating
More than a dozen Angelenos navigate Valentine's Day from early morning until midnight. Three couples awake together, but each relationship will sputter. A grade-school boy wants flowers for his first true love. Two high school seniors plan first-time sex at noon. A TV sports reporter gets the assignment to find romance in LA. A star quarterback contemplates his future. Two strangers meet on a plane. Grandparents, together for years, face a crisis. An 'I Hate Valentine's Day' dinner beckons the lonely and the lied to.
Cast: Julia Roberts, Bradley Cooper, Anne Hathaway, Patrick Dempsey, Eric Dane


The Adventures of Tintin: 2011 | PG | 107 min | 6.894 rating
Intrepid young reporter, Tintin, and his loyal dog, Snowy, are thrust into a world of high adventure when they discover a ship carrying an explosive secret. As Tintin is drawn into a centuries-old mystery, Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine suspects him of stealing a priceless treasure. Tintin and Snowy, with the help of salty, cantankerous Captain Haddock and bumbling detectives, Thompson and Thomson, travel half the world, one step ahead of their enemies, as Tintin endeavors to find the Unicorn, a sunken ship that may hold a vast fortune, but also an ancient curse.
Cast: Jamie Bell, Andy Serkis, Daniel Craig, Nick Frost, Simon Pegg


Barbie Mariposa: 2008 | G | 75 min | 6.738 rating
Elina, heroine of the Fairytopia films tells her friend Bibble the story of Flutterfield, a faraway kingdom populated by fairies with butterfly wings. Henna, the evil butterfly fairy has poisoned the queen of Flutterfield in an attempt to take over the kingdom.
Cast: Chiara Zanni, Tabitha St. Germain, Kathleen Barr, Erin Mathews, Nicole Oliver


Body Double: 1984 | R | 114 min | 6.738 rating
After losing an acting role and his girlfriend, Jake Scully finally catches a break: he gets offered a gig house-sitting in the Hollywood Hills. While peering through the beautiful home's telescope one night, he spies a gorgeous woman dancing in her window. But when he witnesses the girl's murder, it leads Scully through the netherworld of the adult entertainment industry on a search for answers—with porn actress Holly Body as his guide.
Cast: Craig Wasson, Melanie Griffith, Gregg Henry, Deborah Shelton, Guy Boyd


Scream 3: 2000 | R | 116 min | 5.984 rating
While Sidney lives in safely guarded seclusion, bodies begin dropping around the Hollywood set of STAB 3, the latest movie based on the gruesome Woodsboro killings.
Cast: David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Patrick Dempsey, Scott Foley


Firestarter: 1984 | R | 114 min | 6.298 rating
As youths, Andy McGee and his future wife, Vicky, participated in secret experiments, allowing themselves to be subjected to mysterious medical tests. Years later, the couple's daughter, Charlie, begins to exhibit the ability of setting fires solely with her mind. This volatile talent makes the youngster extremely dangerous and soon she becomes a target for the enigmatic agency known as "The Shop."
Cast: Drew Barrymore, David Keith, Freddie Jones, Heather Locklear, Martin Sheen


Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore: 2010 | PG | 82 min | 5.195 rating
The ongoing war between the canine and feline species is put on hold when they join forces to thwart a rogue cat spy with her own sinister plans for conquest.
Cast: James Marsden, Nick Nolte, Christina Applegate, Bette Midler, Pascale Hutton


The Magnificent Seven: 2016 | PG-13 | 132 min | 6.422 rating
Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Chris Pratt, Ethan Hawke, Vincent D'Onofrio, Lee Byung-hun


Disclosure: 1994 | R | 128 min | 6.256 rating
A computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully, which threatens both his career and his personal life.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Demi Moore, Donald Sutherland, Dylan Baker, Jacqueline Kim


A Dog's Way Home: 2019 | PG | 96 min | 7.3 rating
The adventure of Bella, a dog who embarks on an epic 400-mile journey home after she is separated from her beloved human.
Cast: Ashley Judd, Jonah Hauer-King, Edward James Olmos, Alexandra Shipp, Chris Bauer


Pokémon: Zoroark - Master of Illusions: 2010 | G | 96 min | 6.7 rating
Ash and his friends must stop a greedy media mogul from using the shape-shifting Zoroark to capture the time-travelling Celebi.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Yuji Ueda, Megumi Toyoguchi, Etsuko Kozakura


Summer Catch: 2001 | PG-13 | 104 min | 5.4 rating
Local boy Ryan Dunne, now a pitcher for Boston College, meets Tenley Parrish, the daughter of a wealthy couple who summer on the Cape. Ryan and Tenley fall in love, much to the chagrin of their families, while Ryan clings to one last hope of being discovered and signed to a pro baseball contract.
Cast: Freddie Prinze Jr., Jessica Biel, Fred Ward, Matthew Lillard, Brian Dennehy


Curly Sue: 1991 | PG | 101 min | 6.412 rating
Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the classic homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. When they scam the rich and beautiful Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, they're only hoping for a free meal. But Grey is touched, and over the objections of her snotty fiancé.
Cast: Jim Belushi, Alisan Porter, Kelly Lynch, John Getz, Steve Carell


Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid: 2004 | PG-13 | 94 min | 5.4 rating
The blood orchid - a rare flower that could hold the secret of eternal life and be worth a fortune to the company that finds it first. Led by a pharmaceutical research team, a scientific expedition sets out to go and explore deep into the jungles of Borneo to locate and bring back samples of the legendary plant. Battling through rainstorms to make their way upriver, the group encounters poisonous insects and a ferocious crocodile, only to discover they're being stalked by an even greater danger: a gathering of giant anacondas. Heat-sensing, fifty-foot-long flesh eaters that will go after anyone that crosses in their path.
Cast: KaDee Strickland, Johnny Messner, Nicholas Hope, Morris Chestnut, Matthew Marsden


Magnum Force: 1973 | R | 124 min | 7.1 rating
"Dirty" Harry Callahan is a San Francisco Police Inspector on the trail of a group of rogue cops who have taken justice into their own hands. When shady characters are murdered one after another in grisly fashion, only Dirty Harry can stop them.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Hal Holbrook, Mitchell Ryan, David Soul, Tim Matheson


Dances with Wolves: 1990 | PG-13 | 181 min | 7.848 rating
Wounded Civil War soldier, John Dunbar tries to commit suicide—and becomes a hero instead. As a reward, he's assigned to his dream post, a remote junction on the Western frontier, and soon makes unlikely friends with the local Sioux tribe.
Cast: Kevin Costner, Mary McDonnell, Graham Greene, Rodney A. Grant, Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman


Anger Management: 2003 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.142 rating
After a small misunderstanding aboard an airplane escalates out of control, timid businessman Dave Buznik is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell. But when Buddy steps up his aggressive treatment by moving in, Dave goes from mild to wild as the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc with his life.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Jack Nicholson, Marisa Tomei, Luis Guzmán, Allen Covert


Overboard: 1987 | PG | 112 min | 6.829 rating
Heiress Joanna Stayton hires carpenter Dean Proffitt to build a closet on her yacht—and refuses to pay him for the project when it's done. But after Joanna accidentally falls overboard and loses her memory, Dean sees an opportunity to get even.
Cast: Goldie Hawn, Kurt Russell, Edward Herrmann, Mike Hagerty, Katherine Helmond


Black Rain: 1989 | R | 125 min | 6.592 rating
Two New York cops get involved in a gang war between members of the Yakuza, the Japanese Mafia. They arrest one of their killers and are ordered to escort him back to Japan. However, in Japan he manages to escape, and as they try to track him down, they get deeper and deeper into the Japanese Mafia scene and they have to learn that they can only win by playing the game—the Japanese way.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Andy García, Ken Takakura, Kate Capshaw, Yūsaku Matsuda


Santaman: 2022 | NR | 88 min | 7 rating
DC Douglas, John Viener and Beau Marie star in the film following the titular Santa – intent on turning “Naughty-Listers” good, Santa becomes a superhero dubbed Santaman. When an evil plot complicates his mission, Santa must band together with two latch key kids to find a way to stop the ultimate “Naughty-Lister” before Christmas disappears forever.
Cast: D.C. Douglas, John Viener, Steve Siddell, April Barber, Beau Marie


Picture Perfect: 1997 | PG-13 | 105 min | 5.7 rating
A young advertising executive's life becomes increasingly complicated when, in order to impress her boss, she pretends to be engaged to a man she has just met.
Cast: Jennifer Aniston, Jay Mohr, Kevin Bacon, Olympia Dukakis, Illeana Douglas


Gandhi: 1982 | PG | 191 min | 7.548 rating
In the early years of the 20th century, Mohandas K. Gandhi, a British-trained lawyer, forsakes all worldly possessions to take up the cause of Indian independence. Faced with armed resistance from the British government, Gandhi adopts a policy of 'passive resistance', endeavouring to win freedom for his people without resorting to bloodshed.
Cast: Ben Kingsley, Candice Bergen, Edward Fox, John Gielgud, Trevor Howard


Angela's Christmas: 2017 | G | 30 min | 6.826 rating
A trip to church with her family on Christmas Eve gives young Angela an extraordinary idea. A heartwarming tale based on a story by Frank McCourt.
Cast: Lucy O'Connell, Ruth Negga, Brian Gleeson, Pat Kinevane, Malachy McCourt


Resident Evil: Degeneration: 2008 | R | 97 min | 6.78 rating
Leon S. Kennedy and Claire Redfield must battle a rogue warrior seeking revenge after unleashing the deadly G-Virus, whilst a mutated monster goes on a rampage.
Cast: Paul Mercier, Alyson Court, Laura Bailey, Roger Craig Smith, Crispin Freeman


Ghost: 1990 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.207 rating
Sam Wheat is a banker, Molly Jensen is an artist, and the two are madly in love. However, when Sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner Carl Bruner over a shady business deal, he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. When he learns of Carl's betrayal, Sam must seek the help of psychic Oda Mae Brown to set things right and protect Molly from Carl and his goons.
Cast: Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, Whoopi Goldberg, Tony Goldwyn, Vincent Schiavelli


Miracles from Heaven: 2016 | PG | 119 min | 7.426 rating
When Christy discovers her 10-year-old daughter Anna has a rare, incurable disease, she becomes a ferocious advocate for her daughter’s healing as she searches for a solution. After Anna has a freak accident and falls three stories, a miracle unfolds in the wake of her dramatic rescue that leaves medical specialists mystified, her family restored and their community inspired.
Cast: Jennifer Garner, Kylie Rogers, Martin Henderson, Brighton Sharbino, Courtney Fansler


Piggy: 2022 |  | 99 min | 6.712 rating
A bullied overweight teenager sees a glimpse of hope when her tormentors are brutally abducted by a mesmerizing stranger.
Cast: Laura Galán, Richard Holmes, Carmen Machi, Irene Ferreiro, Camille Aguilar


The Legend of Zorro: 2005 | PG | 129 min | 6.116 rating
Having spent the last 10 years fighting injustice and cruelty, Alejandro de la Vega is now facing his greatest challenge: his loving wife Elena has thrown him out of the house!  Elena has filed for divorce and found comfort in the arms of Count Armand, a dashing French aristocrat.  But Alejandro knows something she doesn't: Armand is the evil mastermind behind a terrorist plot to destroy the United States.  And so, with his marriage and the county's future at stake, it's up to Zorro to save two unions before it's too late.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Adrian Alonso, Julio Oscar Mechoso, Nick Chinlund


Whatever Works: 2009 | PG-13 | 92 min | 7.104 rating
Whatever Works explores the relationship between a crotchety misanthrope, Boris and a naïve, impressionable young runaway from the south, Melody. When Melody's uptight parents arrive in New York to rescue her, they are quickly drawn into wildly unexpected romantic entanglements. Everyone discovers that finding love is just a combination of lucky chance and appreciating the value of "whatever works."
Cast: Larry David, Evan Rachel Wood, Michael McKean, Conleth Hill, Patricia Clarkson


Look Away: 2018 | R | 103 min | 6.5 rating
A timid and socially alienated 17-year-old high school student's life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image.
Cast: India Eisley, Jason Isaacs, Mira Sorvino, Penelope Mitchell, John C. MacDonald


See How They Run: 2022 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.38 rating
In the West End of 1950s London, plans for a movie version of a smash-hit play come to an abrupt halt after a pivotal member of the crew is murdered. When world-weary Inspector Stoppard and eager rookie Constable Stalker take on the case, the two find themselves thrown into a puzzling whodunit within the glamorously sordid theater underground, investigating the mysterious homicide at their own peril.
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Saoirse Ronan, Adrien Brody, Ruth Wilson, Reece Shearsmith


Infinite Storm: 2022 | R | 97 min | 5.789 rating
One woman's journey for self-discovery and turns into a harrowing tale of survival.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Billy Howle, Denis O'Hare, Parker Sawyers, Joshua Rollins


Chernobyl: Abyss: 2021 | PG | 136 min | 6.218 rating
The aftermath of a shocking explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power station made hundreds of people sacrifice their lives to clean up the site of the catastrophe and to successfully prevent an even bigger disaster that could have turned a large part of the European continent into an uninhabitable exclusion zone. This is their story.
Cast: Danila Kozlovsky, Oksana Akinshina, Philip Avdeev, Ravshana Kurkova, Arthur Beschastny


Mother's Day: 2023 |  | 94 min | 5.907 rating
Nina, a former NATO special operations agent living in hiding, has to use all her deadly skills to rescue her son who has been kidnapped by ruthless gangsters. Finding Max is a double opportunity for her. A chance to feel the adrenaline rush again, and an opportunity to get back into the life of the son she had to abandon years ago.
Cast: Agnieszka Grochowska, Adrian Delikta, Dariusz Chojnacki, Paulina Chruściel, Paweł Koślik


Around the World in 80 Days: 2004 | PG | 120 min | 5.913 rating
A bet pits a British inventor, a Chinese thief and a French artist on a worldwide adventure that they can circle the globe in 80 days.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Steve Coogan, Cécile de France, Jim Broadbent, Ewen Bremner


Death Proof: 2007 | R | 113 min | 6.829 rating
Austin's hottest DJ, Jungle Julia, sets out into the night to unwind with her two friends Shanna and Arlene. Covertly tracking their moves is Stuntman Mike, a scarred rebel leering from behind the wheel of his muscle car, revving just feet away.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Zoë Bell, Rosario Dawson, Vanessa Ferlito, Sydney Tamiia Poitier


Big Eyes: 2014 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.991 rating
In the late 1950s and early '60s, artist Walter Keane achieves unbelievable fame and success with portraits of saucer-eyed waifs. However, no one realizes that his wife, Margaret, is the real painter behind the brush. Although Margaret is horrified to learn that Walter is passing off her work as his own, she is too meek to protest too loudly. It isn't until the Keanes' marriage comes to an end and a lawsuit follows that the truth finally comes to light.
Cast: Amy Adams, Christoph Waltz, Danny Huston, Jon Polito, Krysten Ritter


Free Birds: 2013 | PG | 91 min | 5.873 rating
Two turkeys from opposite sides of the tracks must put aside their differences and team up to travel back in time to change the course of history—and get turkey off the holiday menu for good.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Woody Harrelson, Amy Poehler, George Takei, Colm Meaney


Red Heat: 1988 | R | 104 min | 6.201 rating
A tough Russian policeman is forced to partner up with a cocky Chicago police detective when he is sent to Chicago to apprehend a Georgian drug lord who killed his partner and fled the country.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jim Belushi, Peter Boyle, Ed O'Ross, Laurence Fishburne


Casanova: 2005 | R | 112 min | 6.451 rating
With a reputation for seducing members of the opposite sex, regardless of their marital status, a notorious womanizer discovers a beauty who seems impervious to his charms. However, as he continues to pursue the indifferent lady, he finds himself falling in love.
Cast: Heath Ledger, Sienna Miller, Jeremy Irons, Oliver Platt, Lena Olin


Analyze That: 2002 | R | 96 min | 5.79 rating
The mafia's Paul Vitti is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out. Naturally, he returns to his analyst Dr. Ben Sobel for help and finds that Sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice, as well as an excess stock of stress.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Billy Crystal, Lisa Kudrow, Joe Viterelli, Cathy Moriarty


Great Expectations: 1998 | R | 111 min | 6.658 rating
Loosely based on the Charles Dickens' classic novel, "Great Expectations" is a sensual tale of a young man's unforgettable passage into manhood, and the three individuals who will undeniably change his life forever. Through the surprising interactions of these vivid characters, "Great Expectations" takes a unique and contemporary look at life's great coincidences.
Cast: Ethan Hawke, Gwyneth Paltrow, Hank Azaria, Chris Cooper, Anne Bancroft


You Are So Not Invited to My Bat Mitzvah: 2023 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.378 rating
Stacy and Lydia are BFFs who've always dreamed about having epic bat mitzvahs. But things start to go comically awry when a popular boy and middle school drama threatens their friendship and their rite of passage.
Cast: Idina Menzel, Jackie Sandler, Adam Sandler, Sadie Sandler, Sunny Sandler


The Hard Way: 2019 |  | 94 min | 5.4 rating
After learning of his brother's death during a mission in Romania, a former soldier joins two allies to hunt down a mysterious enemy and take his revenge.
Cast: Michael Jai White, Luke Goss, Randy Couture, Mãdãlina Anea, Grant Campbell


Forever My Girl: 2018 |  | 104 min | 7.6 rating
After being gone for a decade, a country star returns home to the love he left behind.
Cast: Alex Roe, Jessica Rothe, John Benjamin Hickey, Abby Ryder Fortson, Peter Cambor


The Road: 2009 | R | 111 min | 7.003 rating
A father and his son walk alone through burned America. Nothing moves in the ravaged landscape save the ash on the wind and water. It is cold enough to crack stones, and, when the snow falls it is gray. The sky is dark. Their destination is the warmer south, although they don't know what, if anything, awaits them there.
Cast: Viggo Mortensen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Charlize Theron, Robert Duvall, Guy Pearce


You Hurt My Feelings: 2023 |  | 93 min | 6.533 rating
A novelist's longstanding marriage is suddenly upended when she overhears her husband giving his honest reaction to her latest book.
Cast: Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Tobias Menzies, Michaela Watkins, Arian Moayed, Owen Teague


The Irishman: 2019 | R | 209 min | 7.615 rating
Pennsylvania, 1956. Frank Sheeran, a war veteran of Irish origin who works as a truck driver, accidentally meets mobster Russell Bufalino. Once Frank becomes his trusted man, Bufalino sends him to Chicago with the task of helping Jimmy Hoffa, a powerful union leader related to organized crime, with whom Frank will maintain a close friendship for nearly twenty years.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci, Stephen Graham, Ray Romano


Annie Hall: 1977 | PG | 93 min | 7.758 rating
New York comedian Alvy Singer falls in love with the ditsy Annie Hall.
Cast: Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, Tony Roberts, Carol Kane, Paul Simon


Melancholia: 2011 | R | 135 min | 7.201 rating
Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth.
Cast: Kirsten Dunst, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Kiefer Sutherland, Charlotte Rampling, John Hurt


1492: Conquest of Paradise: 1992 | PG-13 | 154 min | 6.219 rating
1492: Conquest of Paradise depicts Christopher Columbus’ discovery of The New World and his effect on the indigenous people.
Cast: Gérard Depardieu, Armand Assante, Sigourney Weaver, Loren Dean, Ángela Molina


Kingpin: 1996 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.51 rating
After bowler Roy Munson swindles the wrong crowd and is left with a hook for a hand, he settles into impoverished obscurity. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael. So, the corrupt and the hopelessly naive hit the circuit intent on settling an old score with Big Ern.
Cast: Woody Harrelson, Randy Quaid, Vanessa Angel, Bill Murray, Chris Elliott


The Vault: 2021 | R | 114 min | 6.853 rating
Madrid, Spain, 2010. While the whole city follows the national team's successful participation in the World Cup, a group of daring thieves look for a way into one of the most secure and guarded places on the planet.
Cast: Freddie Highmore, Astrid Bergès-Frisbey, Jose Coronado, Liam Cunningham, Sam Riley


Star Trek: First Contact: 1996 | PG-13 | 111 min | 7.299 rating
The Borg, a relentless race of cyborgs, are on a direct course for Earth. Violating orders to stay away from the battle, Captain Picard and the crew of the newly-commissioned USS Enterprise E pursue the Borg back in time to prevent the invaders from changing Federation history and assimilating the galaxy.
Cast: Patrick Stewart, Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, LeVar Burton, Michael Dorn


Jack and Jill: 2011 | PG | 91 min | 4.348 rating
Jack Sadelstein, a successful advertising executive in Los Angeles with a beautiful wife and kids, dreads one event each year: the Thanksgiving visit of his twin sister Jill. Jill's neediness and passive-aggressiveness is maddening to Jack, turning his normally tranquil life upside down.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Al Pacino, Katie Holmes, Elodie Tougne, Rohan Chand


Three: 2006 | R | 95 min | 5.4 rating
After a yachting accident, a millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked on a desert island along with their former deckhand, Manuel.
Cast: Billy Zane, Kelly Brook, Juan Pablo Di Pace, Todd Collins, Gabrielle Jourdan


Dual: 2022 | R | 95 min | 5.959 rating
A terminally ill woman opts for a cloning procedure to ease her loss on her friends and family. When she makes a miraculous recovery, her attempts to have her clone decommissioned fail and lead to a court-mandated duel to the death.
Cast: Karen Gillan, Aaron Paul, Beulah Koale, Theo James, Elina Jackson


Get Smart: 2008 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.181 rating
When members of the nefarious crime syndicate KAOS attack the U.S. spy agency Control and the identities of secret agents are compromised, the Chief has to promote hapless but eager analyst Maxwell Smart to field agent. He is partnered with veteran and capable Agent 99, the only spy whose cover remains intact. Can they work together to thwart the evil world-domination plans of KAOS and its crafty operative?
Cast: Steve Carell, Anne Hathaway, Dwayne Johnson, Alan Arkin, Terence Stamp


Paranormal Activity: 2007 | R | 86 min | 5.992 rating
After a young, middle-class couple moves into what seems like a typical suburban house, they become increasingly disturbed by a presence that may or may not be demonic but is certainly the most active in the middle of the night.  Followed by five terrifying installments in the franchise, this is the original found-footage shocker that started it all.
Cast: Katie Featherston, Micah Sloat, Mark Fredrichs, Amber Armstrong, Ashley Palmer


Contact: 1997 | PG | 150 min | 7.421 rating
A radio astronomer receives the first extraterrestrial radio signal ever picked up on Earth. As the world powers scramble to decipher the message and decide upon a course of action, she must make some difficult decisions between her beliefs, the truth, and reality.
Cast: Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, James Woods, John Hurt, Tom Skerritt


The Angry Birds Movie: 2016 | PG | 97 min | 6.213 rating
An island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red, a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck, and the volatile Bomb have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it’s up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.
Cast: Jason Sudeikis, Josh Gad, Danny McBride, Maya Rudolph, Bill Hader


Close Encounters of the Third Kind: 1977 | PG | 135 min | 7.359 rating
After an encounter with UFOs, an electricity linesman feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness where something spectacular is about to happen.
Cast: Richard Dreyfuss, François Truffaut, Teri Garr, Melinda Dillon, Bob Balaban


Small Soldiers: 1998 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.52 rating
When missile technology is used to enhance toy action figures, the toys soon begin to take their battle programming too seriously.
Cast: Gregory Smith, Kirsten Dunst, Denis Leary, Phil Hartman, David Cross


What Dreams May Come: 1998 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.2 rating
Chris Neilson dies to find himself in a heaven more amazing than he could have ever dreamed of. There is one thing missing: his wife. After he dies, his wife, Annie killed herself and went to hell. Chris decides to risk eternity in hades for the small chance that he will be able to bring her back to heaven.
Cast: Robin Williams, Cuba Gooding Jr., Annabella Sciorra, Max von Sydow, Jessica Brooks Grant


Lawrence of Arabia: 1962 | PG | 228 min | 7.985 rating
The story of British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant, messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements.
Cast: Peter O'Toole, Alec Guinness, Anthony Quinn, Jack Hawkins, Omar Sharif


The Escort: 2015 | NR | 88 min | 6 rating
Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted journalist throws himself into the world of high-class escorts when he starts following a Stanford-educated prostitute.
Cast: Lyndsy Fonseca, Michael Doneger, Tommy Dewey, Bruce Campbell, Rachel Resheff


21 Jump Street: 2012 | R | 109 min | 6.88 rating
In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs.
Cast: Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Brie Larson, Dave Franco, Rob Riggle


Emily the Criminal: 2022 |  | 97 min | 6.78 rating
Desperate for income, Emily takes a shady gig buying goods with stolen credit cards supplied by a charismatic middleman named Youcef. Seduced by the quick cash and illicit thrills, they hatch a plan to take their business to the next level.
Cast: Aubrey Plaza, Theo Rossi, Megalyn Echikunwoke, Gina Gershon, Jonathan Avigdori


Maggie Moore(s): 2023 |  | 99 min | 5.717 rating
The chief of police in a quiet Arizona town is suddenly faced with the back-to-back murders of two women with the same name.
Cast: Jon Hamm, Tina Fey, Micah Stock, Nick Mohammed, Happy Anderson


Psycho-Pass: Providence: 2023 | R | 120 min | 6.6 rating
While attending a meeting as a Chief Inspector of the Public Security Bureau, Akane Tsunemori received a report that an incident had occurred on a foreign vessel , and this was the beginning of a big and unexpected case.
Cast: Kana Hanazawa, Tomokazu Seki, Kenji Nojima, Shizuka Itoh, Miyuki Sawashiro


The Boy and the Beast: 2015 | PG-13 | 119 min | 8 rating
Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast from Jutengai, an imaginary world. One day, Kyuta forays into the imaginary world and, as he's looking for his way back, meets Kumatetsu who becomes his spirit guide. That encounter leads them to many adventures.
Cast: Koji Yakusho, Aoi Miyazaki, Shota Sometani, Suzu Hirose, Lily Franky


The Third Man: 1949 | NR | 104 min | 7.947 rating
In postwar Vienna, Austria, Holly Martins, a writer of pulp Westerns, arrives penniless as a guest of his childhood chum Harry Lime, only to learn he has died. Martins develops a conspiracy theory after learning of a "third man" present at the time of Harry's death, running into interference from British officer Major Calloway, and falling head-over-heels for Harry's grief-stricken lover, Anna.
Cast: Joseph Cotten, Alida Valli, Orson Welles, Trevor Howard, Paul Hörbiger


Blast from the Past: 1999 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.731 rating
Following a bomb scare in the 1960s that locked the Webers into their bomb shelter for 35 years, Adam now ventures forth into Los Angeles to obtain food and supplies for his family, and a non-mutant wife for himself.
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Alicia Silverstone, Christopher Walken, Sissy Spacek, Dave Foley


Babe: Pig in the City: 1998 | G | 92 min | 5.55 rating
Babe, fresh from his victory in the sheepherding contest, returns to Farmer Hoggett's farm, but after Farmer Hoggett is injured and unable to work, Babe has to go to the big city to save the farm.
Cast: Magda Szubanski, Elizabeth Daily, James Cromwell, Mary Stein, Mickey Rooney


The Day the Earth Stood Still: 1951 |  | 92 min | 7.466 rating
An alien and a robot land on Earth after World War II and tell mankind to be peaceful or face destruction.
Cast: Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, Billy Gray, Sam Jaffe, Hugh Marlowe


Iron Mask: 2019 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.2 rating
Commissioned to map the Far East territories of the Russian Empire, cartographer Jonathan Green sets off on a long journey of unbelievable adventures—making breath-taking discoveries and meeting mysterious creatures, Chinese princesses, deadly masters of oriental martial arts, and even the King of Dragons.
Cast: Jason Flemyng, Jackie Chan, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Charles Dance, Anna Yao


The Angry Birds Movie 2: 2019 | PG | 97 min | 7.108 rating
Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat. Aggressive birds from an island covered in ice are planning to use an elaborate weapon to destroy the fowl and swine.
Cast: Jason Sudeikis, Josh Gad, Danny McBride, Leslie Jones, Bill Hader


The Son: 2022 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.714 rating
A successful lawyer, with a new wife and infant, agrees to care for his teenage son from a previous marriage after his ex-wife becomes concerned about the boy's wayward behavior.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Zen McGrath, Vanessa Kirby, Laura Dern, Anthony Hopkins


Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai: 2007 | G | 90 min | 6.9 rating
Ash and friends (this time accompanied by newcomer Dawn) arrive at an idyllic village on their way to their next Pokemon contest, where chaos will soon erupt with the prophecy of two Pokemon Gods (Dialga and Palkia) and the arrival of a mysterious, seemingly deadly Pokemon named Darkrai, which has the power to distort space and time.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Yuji Ueda, Megumi Toyoguchi, Megumi Hayashibara


Carlito's Way: 1993 | R | 144 min | 7.834 rating
A Puerto-Rican ex-con, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him, and lead a better life outside NYC.
Cast: Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Penelope Ann Miller, John Leguizamo, Ingrid Rogers


Like a Boss: 2020 | R | 83 min | 6.301 rating
Two female friends with very different ideals decide to start a beauty company together. One is more practical, while the other wants to earn her fortune and live a lavish lifestyle.
Cast: Tiffany Haddish, Rose Byrne, Salma Hayek Pinault, Karan Soni, Jacob Latimore


Silent Night: 2012 | R | 94 min | 5.248 rating
The police force of a remote Midwestern town search for a killer Santa Claus who is picking off citizens on Christmas Eve.
Cast: Malcolm McDowell, Jaime King, Donal Logue, Ellen Wong, Lisa Marie


The Bourne Ultimatum: 2007 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.4 rating
Bourne is brought out of hiding once again by reporter Simon Ross who is trying to unveil Operation Blackbriar, an upgrade to Project Treadstone, in a series of newspaper columns. Information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories, and Bourne must finally uncover his dark past while dodging The Company's best efforts to eradicate him.
Cast: Matt Damon, Julia Stiles, David Strathairn, Scott Glenn, Paddy Considine


Girl, Interrupted: 1999 | R | 127 min | 7.554 rating
Set in the changing world of the late 1960s, Susanna Kaysen's prescribed "short rest" from a psychiatrist she had met only once becomes a strange, unknown journey into Alice's Wonderland, where she struggles with the thin line between normal and crazy. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she has been committed, and she ultimately has to choose between the world of people who belong inside or the difficult world of reality outside.
Cast: Winona Ryder, Angelina Jolie, Brittany Murphy, Clea DuVall, Elisabeth Moss


The Lost Daughter: 2021 | R | 122 min | 6.567 rating
A woman's seaside vacation takes a dark turn when her obsession with a young mother forces her to confront secrets from her past.
Cast: Olivia Colman, Jessie Buckley, Dakota Johnson, Ed Harris, Paul Mescal


Patriot Games: 1992 | R | 117 min | 6.684 rating
When CIA Analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an IRA assassination, a renegade faction targets Jack and his family as revenge.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Anne Archer, Thora Birch, Sean Bean, Patrick Bergin


The World to Come: 2021 |  | 105 min | 7.021 rating
In 1856, two women forge a close connection despite their isolation on the American frontier.
Cast: Katherine Waterston, Casey Affleck, Vanessa Kirby, Christopher Abbott, Kim Ciobanu


Tag: 2018 | R | 100 min | 6.705 rating
For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they’ve been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they’re coming...and he’s ready.
Cast: Ed Helms, Jon Hamm, Jeremy Renner, Jake Johnson, Hannibal Buress


Over the Moon: 2020 | PG | 100 min | 7.223 rating
Fueled by memories of her mother, resourceful Fei Fei builds a rocket to the moon on a mission to prove the existence of a legendary moon goddess.
Cast: Cathy Ang, Phillipa Soo, Robert G. Chiu, Ken Jeong, John Cho


Amityville: The Awakening: 2017 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.3 rating
Belle, her little sister, and her comatose twin brother move into a new house with their single mother Joan in order to save money to help pay for her brother's expensive healthcare. But when strange phenomena begin to occur in the house including the miraculous recovery of her brother, Belle begins to suspect her Mother isn't telling her everything and soon realizes they just moved into the infamous Amityville house.
Cast: Bella Thorne, Cameron Monaghan, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Thomas Mann, Jennifer Morrison


The 355: 2022 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.109 rating
A group of top female agents from American, British, Chinese, Colombian, and German government agencies are drawn together to try and stop an organization from acquiring a deadly weapon to send the world into chaos.
Cast: Jessica Chastain, Lupita Nyong'o, Penélope Cruz, Diane Kruger, Fan Bingbing


The Impossible: 2012 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.4 rating
In December 2004, close-knit family Maria, Henry and their three sons begin their winter vacation in Thailand. But the day after Christmas, the idyllic holiday turns into an incomprehensible nightmare when a terrifying roar rises from the depths of the sea, followed by a wall of black water that devours everything in its path. Though Maria and her family face their darkest hour, unexpected displays of kindness and courage ameliorate their terror.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Ewan McGregor, Tom Holland, Samuel Joslin, Oaklee Pendergast


Barbie as Rapunzel: 2002 | G | 84 min | 7.009 rating
Long, long ago, in a time of magic and dragons, there lived a girl named Rapunzel who had the most beautiful radiant hair the world had ever seen. But Rapunzel's life was far from wonderful. She lived as a servant to Gothel, a jealous, scheming witch who kept her hidden deep in a forbidding forest, guarded by the enormous dragon Hugo and surrounded by an enchanted glass wall. However, in a twist of fate, Rapunzel's discovery of a magic paintbrush leads her on a journey that will unravel a web of deception, bring peace to two feuding kingdoms, and ultimately lead her to love with the help of Penelope(TM), the least intimidating of dragons!
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Anjelica Huston, Cree Summer, Ian James Corlett, Mark Hildreth


Speed 2: Cruise Control: 1997 | PG-13 | 125 min | 4.571 rating
A disgruntled former employee hijacks the Seabourn Legend cruise liner. Set on a fixed course, without any means of communication and at the mercy of the hijacker, it's up to the one cop on vacation, and his soon to be fiancé (hopefully) Annie, to regain control of it before it kills the passengers and causes an environmental disaster. Insurmountable and daunting tasks awaits them on their  perilous journey throughout the ship trying to fend off the hijacker and save the passengers.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Jason Patric, Willem Dafoe, Temuera Morrison, Brian McCardie


Cabin Fever: 2003 |  | 98 min | 5.7 rating
A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals.
Cast: Rider Strong, Jordan Ladd, Cerina Vincent, Giuseppe Andrews, James DeBello


Mighty Express: A Mighty Christmas: 2020 |  | 25 min | 5.5 rating
The Mighty Express welcomes a new train and speeds into a snowstorm to deliver Santa’s presents and save Christmas for all the kids in Tracksville.
Cast: 


Highlander: 1986 | R | 116 min | 6.889 rating
He fought his first battle on the Scottish Highlands in 1536. He will fight his greatest battle on the streets of New York City in 1986. His name is Connor MacLeod. He is immortal.
Cast: Christophe Lambert, Roxanne Hart, Clancy Brown, Sean Connery, Beatie Edney


Spaceballs: 1987 | PG | 96 min | 6.8 rating
When the nefarious Dark Helmet hatches a plan to snatch Princess Vespa and steal her planet's air, space-bum-for-hire Lone Starr and his clueless sidekick fly to the rescue. Along the way, they meet Yogurt, who puts Lone Starr wise to the power of "The Schwartz." Can he master it in time to save the day?
Cast: Bill Pullman, Rick Moranis, Mel Brooks, Daphne Zuniga, John Candy


Surf's Up: 2007 | PG | 85 min | 6.4 rating
A young surfer enters his first contest, hoping a win will earn him respect. But an encounter with a laid-back local forces him to rethink his values.
Cast: Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Jon Heder, Zooey Deschanel, James Woods


Return to Oz: 1985 | PG | 109 min | 6.7 rating
Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, finds herself back in the land of her dreams, and makes delightful new friends, and dangerous new enemies.
Cast: Fairuza Balk, Nicol Williamson, Jean Marsh, Piper Laurie, Matt Clark


Honor Society: 2022 | R | 97 min | 7.7 rating
Honor is an ambitious high school senior whose sole focus is getting into Harvard, assuming she can first score the coveted recommendation from her guidance counselor, Mr. Calvin. Willing to do whatever it takes, Honor concocts a Machiavellian-like plan to take down her top three student competitors, until things take a turn when she unexpectedly falls for her biggest competition, Michael.
Cast: Angourie Rice, Gaten Matarazzo, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Armani Jackson, Amy Keum


Orca: 1977 | PG | 95 min | 6.136 rating
After witnessing the killing of his mate and offspring at the hands of a reckless Irish captain, a vengeful killer whale rampages through the fisherman's Newfoundland harbor. Under pressure from the villagers, the captain, a female marine biologist and an Indigenous tribalist venture after the great beast, who will meet them on its own turf.
Cast: Richard Harris, Charlotte Rampling, Will Sampson, Bo Derek, Keenan Wynn


Spiderhead: 2022 | R | 106 min | 5.816 rating
A prisoner in a state-of-the-art penitentiary begins to question the purpose of the emotion-controlling drugs he's testing for a pharmaceutical genius.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Miles Teller, Jurnee Smollett, Mark Paguio, Tess Haubrich


Colors: 1988 | R | 120 min | 6.5 rating
A confident young cop is shown the ropes by a veteran partner in the dangerous gang-controlled barrios of Los Angeles, where the gang culture is enforced by the colors the members wear.
Cast: Sean Penn, Robert Duvall, María Conchita Alonso, Randy Brooks, Grand L. Bush


Pretty Baby: 1978 | R | 110 min | 7.005 rating
Hattie, a New Orleans prostitute, meets a photographer named Bellocq at her brothel one night and, after he photographs her, he befriends her 12-year-old daughter, Violet. When Violet is brought on as a working girl by her mother's madam and Hattie skips town to get married, Violet quickly loses her innocence and focuses on reuniting with Bellocq. But a life with Bellocq is compromised for Violet after her mother returns to town.
Cast: Brooke Shields, Keith Carradine, Susan Sarandon, Frances Faye, Antonio Fargas


Desperado: 1995 | R | 104 min | 6.922 rating
Mariachi plunges headfirst into the dark border underworld when he follows a trail of blood to the last of the infamous Mexican drug lords, Bucho, for an action-packed, bullet-riddled showdown. With the help of his best friend and a beautiful bookstore owner, the Mariachi tracks Bucho, takes on his army of desperados, and leaves a trail of blood of his own.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek Pinault, Joaquim de Almeida, Steve Buscemi, Cheech Marin


Truth or Dare: 2018 | PG-13 | 101 min | 5.964 rating
A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone—or something—begins to punish those who tell a lie—or refuse the dare.
Cast: Lucy Hale, Violett Beane, Tyler Posey, Hayden Szeto, Aurora Perrineau


Margin Call: 2011 | R | 107 min | 6.843 rating
A thriller that revolves around the key people at an investment bank over a 24-hour period during the early stages of the financial crisis.
Cast: Kevin Spacey, Zachary Quinto, Simon Baker, Paul Bettany, Ashley Williams


Free Willy 3: The Rescue: 1997 | PG | 86 min | 6.2 rating
Willy the whale is back, this time threatened by illegal whalers making money off sushi. Jesse, now 16, has taken a job on an orca-researching ship, along with old friend Randolph and a sarcastic scientist, Drew. On the whaler's ship is captain John Wesley and his son, Max, who isn't really pleased about his father's job, but doesn't have the gut to say so. Along the way, Willy reunites with Jesse
Cast: Jason James Richter, August Schellenberg, Annie Corley, Vincent Berry, Patrick Kilpatrick


She's Out of My League: 2010 | R | 104 min | 6.469 rating
When he starts dating drop-dead gorgeous Molly, insecure airport security agent Kirk can't believe it. As his friends and family share their doubts about the relationship lasting, Kirk does everything he can to avoid losing Molly forever.
Cast: Jay Baruchel, Alice Eve, T.J. Miller, Mike Vogel, Nate Torrence


The Roundup: No Way Out: 2023 |  | 105 min | 6.96 rating
Detective Ma Seok-do changes his affiliation from the Geumcheon Police Station to the Metropolitan Investigation Team, in order to eradicate Japanese gangsters who enter Korea to commit heinous crimes.
Cast: Ma Dong-seok, Lee Jun-hyuk, Munetaka Aoki, Lee Beom-su, Kim Min-jae


Secret Headquarters: 2022 | PG | 104 min | 6.596 rating
While hanging out after school, Charlie and his friends discover the headquarters of the world’s most powerful superhero hidden beneath his home. When villains attack, they must team up to defend the headquarters and save the world.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Michael Peña, Walker Scobell, Momona Tamada, Keith L. Williams


Poseidon: 2006 | PG-13 | 98 min | 5.84 rating
A packed cruise ship traveling the Atlantic is hit and overturned by a massive wave, compelling the passengers to begin a dramatic fight for their lives.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Richard Dreyfuss, Josh Lucas, Jacinda Barrett, Emmy Rossum


The Lego Ninjago Movie: 2017 | PG | 101 min | 6.506 rating
Six young ninjas are tasked with defending their island home of Ninjago. By night, they’re gifted warriors using their skill and awesome fleet of vehicles to fight villains and monsters. By day, they’re ordinary teens struggling against their greatest enemy....high school.
Cast: Dave Franco, Justin Theroux, Fred Armisen, Abbi Jacobson, Olivia Munn


Tango & Cash: 1989 | R | 104 min | 6.4 rating
Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash are narcotics detectives who, while both being extremely successful, can't stand each other. Crime Lord Yves Perret, furious at the loss of income that Tango and Cash have caused him, frames the two for murder. Caught with the murder weapon on the scene of the crime, the two have no alibi. Thrown into prison with most of the criminals they helped convict, it appears that they are going to have to trust each other if they are to clear their names and catch the evil Perret.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Kurt Russell, Teri Hatcher, Jack Palance, Brion James


Taxi: 2004 | PG-13 | 97 min | 5.565 rating
A mouthy and feisty taxicab driver has hot tips for a green and inept cop set on solving a string of New York City bank robberies committed by a quartet of female Brazilian bank robbers.
Cast: Queen Latifah, Jimmy Fallon, Gisele Bündchen, Henry Simmons, Jennifer Esposito


Beverly Hills Cop: 1984 | R | 105 min | 7.188 rating
Fast-talking, quick-thinking Detroit street cop Axel Foley has bent more than a few rules and regs in his time, but when his best friend is murdered, he heads to sunny Beverly Hills to work the case like only he can.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Judge Reinhold, John Ashton, Lisa Eilbacher, Ronny Cox


Sexy Movie: 2003 |  | 90 min | 4.9 rating
Two down on their luck Hollywood filmmakers decide to make a pornographic film.
Cast: Mary Carey, Katie Lohmann, Belinda Gavin, Axel Montgomery, Jonathon van Erik


The Big Sick: 2017 | R | 120 min | 7.3 rating
Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani and grad student Emily Gardner fall in love but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail finds himself forced to face her feisty parents, his family's expectations, and his true feelings.
Cast: Kumail Nanjiani, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, Ray Romano, Anupam Kher


The Voyeur: 1994 | NR | 90 min | 5.3 rating
At a college in Rome, a professor, nicknamed "Dodo" is in a deep depression. His stunningly beautiful wife has just left him for another man. Dodo wants her back very badly and has erotic daydreams about her. A beautiful young student in his class asks him for a ride home and seduces the lucky man, but still he wonders about his wife and her lover.
Cast: Katarina Vasilissa, Francesco Casale, Cristina Garavaglia, Raffaella Offidani, Antonio Salines


Bad Sister: 2015 | PG-13 | 85 min | 6.7 rating
As a top student at St. Adeline's Catholic Boarding School, Zoe senses that something is not quite right about the school's new nun-- a sense proven to be true when it is revealed the "good' nun is an imposter with a fatal attraction to Zoe's brother.
Cast: Alyshia Ochse, Devon Werkheiser, Ryan Whitney Newman, Helen Eigenberg, Robert Leeshock


Rogue Agent: 2022 |  | 115 min | 6.4 rating
Conman Robert Freegard poses as an undercover MI5 agent and kidnaps countless victims amidst a high-stakes manhunt until the woman who fell for him brings him to justice.r him, and then brought him down.
Cast: Gemma Arterton, James Norton, Marisa Abela, Sarah Goldberg, Shazad Latif


Sleepless in Seattle: 1993 | PG | 105 min | 6.735 rating
When Sam Baldwin's wife dies, he is left to bring up his eight-year-old son Jonah alone, and decides to move to Seattle to make a new start. On Christmas Eve, Jonah rings a radio phone-in with his Christmas wish to find a new wife for his dad. Meanwhile in Baltimore, journalist Annie Reed, who is having doubts about her own relationship, is listening in.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, Bill Pullman, Ross Malinger, Rosie O'Donnell


Christmas As Usual: 2023 | PG-13 | 89 min | 5.875 rating
To celebrate their engagement, Thea takes Jashan home — but his Indian roots and her family's Norwegian traditions clash in a chaotic Christmas.
Cast: Ida Ursin-Holm, Kanan Gill, Marit Andreassen, Erik Follestad, Veslemøy Mørkrid


Hounddog: 2007 | R | 102 min | 6.165 rating
A drama set in the American South, where a precocious, troubled girl finds a safe haven in the music and movement of Elvis Presley.
Cast: Dakota Fanning, Oliver Clayton-Luce, Isabelle Fuhrman, Cody Hanford, Piper Laurie


H4Z4RD: 2022 | NR | 87 min | 6.2 rating
Noah loves his girlfriend Lea and their daughter Zita dearly, just about as much as his extremely pimped car with vanity plate “H4Z4RD”. When his cousin offers him a seemingly simple job as a driver, it soon turns into an unlikely and nerve-racking race through Antwerp, which can only result in the end of Noah, his family or the car…
Cast: Dimitri Vegas, Jennifer Heylen, Jeroen Perceval, Monic Hendrickx, Frank Lammers


The Shootist: 1976 | PG | 100 min | 7.065 rating
Afflicted with a terminal illness John Bernard Books, the last of the legendary gunfighters, quietly returns to Carson City for medical attention from his old friend Dr. Hostetler. Aware that his days are numbered, the troubled man seeks solace and peace in a boarding house run by a widow and her son. However, it is not Books' fate to die in peace, as he becomes embroiled in one last valiant battle.
Cast: John Wayne, Lauren Bacall, Ron Howard, James Stewart, Richard Boone


Office Space: 1999 | R | 90 min | 7.385 rating
A depressed white-collar worker tries hypnotherapy, only to find himself in a perpetual state of devil-may-care bliss that prompts him to start living by his own rules, and hatch a hapless attempt to embezzle money from his soul-killing employers.
Cast: Ron Livingston, Jennifer Aniston, David Herman, Ajay Naidu, Diedrich Bader


Pokémon the Movie: Secrets of the Jungle: 2020 | G | 101 min | 7.2 rating
In the Forest of Okoya, Koko is a feral child who has been raised as a Pokémon by the Mythical Pokémon Zarude. Koko has grown up never doubting that he is a Pokémon even though he can't really use any sort of moves. Ash Ketchum and Pikachu meet Koko and help him protect the Great Tree from the crooked scientist Dr. Zed.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Moka Kamishiraishi, Megumi Hayashibara, Shin-ichiro Miki


The Mask of Zorro: 1998 | PG-13 | 136 min | 6.6 rating
It has been twenty years since Don Diego de la Vega fought Spanish oppression in Alta California as the legendary romantic hero, Zorro. Having escaped from prison he transforms troubled bandit Alejandro into his successor, in order to foil the plans of the tyrannical Don Rafael Montero who robbed him of his freedom, his wife and his precious daughter.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Anthony Hopkins, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Stuart Wilson, Matt Letscher


The Babysitter: 2017 | R | 85 min | 6.124 rating
When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a Satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet.
Cast: Judah Lewis, Samara Weaving, Robbie Amell, Hana Mae Lee, Bella Thorne


The Butterfly Effect 2: 2006 | R | 95 min | 4.946 rating
After his girlfriend, Julie, and two best friends are killed in a tragic auto accident, Nick struggles to cope with his loss and grief. Suffering from migraine-like seizures, Nick soon discovers that he has the power to change the past via his memories. However, his time-traveling attempts to alter the past and save his one true love have unexpected and dire consequences.
Cast: Eric Lively, Erica Durance, Dustin Milligan, Gina Holden, Susan Hogan


Starman: 1984 | PG | 115 min | 6.885 rating
When an alien takes the form of a young widow's husband and asks her to drive him from Wisconsin to Arizona, the government tries to stop them.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Karen Allen, Charles Martin Smith, Richard Jaeckel, Robert Phalen


The Master: 2012 | R | 137 min | 7.156 rating
Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new "religion" he forms after World War II.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, Rami Malek, Laura Dern


The Pink Panther Strikes Again: 1976 | PG | 103 min | 6.83 rating
Charles Dreyfus, who has finally cracked over inspector Clouseau's antics, escapes from a mental institution and launches an elaborate plan to get rid of Clouseau once and for all.
Cast: Peter Sellers, Herbert Lom, Leonard Rossiter, Colin Blakely, Graham Stark


Rat Race: 2001 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.252 rating
In an ensemble film about easy money, greed, manipulation and bad driving, a Las Vegas casino tycoon entertains his wealthiest high rollers -- a group that will bet on anything -- by pitting six ordinary people against each other in a wild dash for $2 million jammed into a locker hundreds of miles away. The tycoon and his wealthy friends monitor each racer's every move to keep track of their favorites. The only rule in this race is that there are no rules.
Cast: Rowan Atkinson, Lanei Chapman, John Cleese, Whoopi Goldberg, Cuba Gooding Jr.


Man on Fire: 2004 | R | 146 min | 7.454 rating
Jaded ex-CIA operative John Creasy reluctantly accepts a job as the bodyguard for a 10-year-old girl in Mexico City. They clash at first, but eventually bond, and when she's kidnapped he's consumed by fury and will stop at nothing to save her life.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Dakota Fanning, Christopher Walken, Radha Mitchell, Marc Anthony


Justice League: Throne of Atlantis: 2015 | PG-13 | 72 min | 7.027 rating
After the events of Justice League: War, Ocean Master and Black Manta have declared a war against the surface in retaliation of the aftermath of Apokoliptian-tyrant Darkseid's planetary invasion. Queen Atlanna seeks out her other son, Ocean Master’s half-brother Arthur Curry, a half-human with aquatic powers with no knowledge of his Atlantean heritage, to restore balance.  Living with powers he doesn’t understand and seeing the danger around him, Curry takes steps to embrace his destiny, joining the Justice League, and with his new teammates he battles to save Earth from total destruction.
Cast: Sean Astin, Rosario Dawson, Nathan Fillion, Christopher Gorham, Matt Lanter


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III: 1993 | PG | 96 min | 5.3 rating
The four turtles travel back in time to the days of the legendary and deadly samurai in ancient Japan, where they train to perfect the art of becoming one. The turtles also assist a small village in an uprising.
Cast: Elias Koteas, Paige Turco, Stuart Wilson, Sab Shimono, Vivian Wu


Manchester by the Sea: 2016 | R | 138 min | 7.545 rating
After his older brother passes away, Lee Chandler is forced to return home to care for his 16-year-old nephew. There he is compelled to deal with a tragic past that separated him from his family and the community where he was born and raised.
Cast: Casey Affleck, Lucas Hedges, Michelle Williams, Kyle Chandler, C.J. Wilson


Operation Finale: 2018 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.716 rating
In 1960, a team of Israeli secret agents is deployed to find Adolf Eichmann, the infamous Nazi architect of the Holocaust, supposedly hidden in Argentina, and get him to Israel to be judged.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Ben Kingsley, Mélanie Laurent, Peter Strauss, Nick Kroll


Gasoline Alley: 2022 | R | 97 min | 5.3 rating
A man implicated in the triple homicide of three Hollywood starlets begins his own investigation. Needing assistance, he enlists the two detectives on his tail in order to expose a conspiracy more explosive than any of them imagined.
Cast: Devon Sawa, Bruce Willis, Luke Wilson, Kat Foster, Sufe Bradshaw


Thumbelina: 1994 | G | 86 min | 6.426 rating
Born of a flower and growing to only a couple of inches tall, poor Thumbelina is worried she'll never meet someone her own size, until she happens to catch the eye of Prince Cornelius of the Fairies. Just as soon as she finds love, however, it's torn away from her when she is kidnapped by Ms. Toad. Now Thumbelina has to escape Ms. Toad's grasp and search for Prince Cornelius. Luckily, there's a whole city of animals willing to help her.
Cast: Jodi Benson, Gino Conforti, Barbara Cook, Will Ryan, June Foray


Any Given Sunday: 1999 | R | 162 min | 6.826 rating
A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the ageing coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove herself in a male dominated world.
Cast: Al Pacino, Cameron Diaz, Jamie Foxx, Dennis Quaid, James Woods


Gunfight at the O.K. Corral: 1957 | NR | 122 min | 7 rating
Lawman Wyatt Earp and outlaw Doc Holliday form an unlikely alliance which culminates in their participation in the legendary Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
Cast: Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Jo Van Fleet, Rhonda Fleming, John Ireland


Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer: 2007 | PG | 92 min | 5.599 rating
The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as a new and all powerful enemy threatens the Earth. The seemingly unstoppable 'Silver Surfer', but all is not what it seems and there are old and new enemies that pose a greater threat than the intrepid superheroes realize.
Cast: Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Chris Evans, Michael Chiklis, Julian McMahon


Little Shop of Horrors: 1986 | PG-13 | 94 min | 6.9 rating
Seymour Krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at Mushnik's, a flower shop in urban Skid Row. He harbors a crush on fellow co-worker Audrey Fulquard, and is berated by Mr. Mushnik daily. One day Seymour finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls Audrey II. The plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper.
Cast: Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene, Vincent Gardenia, Levi Stubbs, Steve Martin


The Jack in the Box: Awakening: 2022 |  | 89 min | 6.4 rating
When a vintage Jack-in-the-box is opened by a dying woman, she enters into a deal with the demon within that would see her illness cured in return for helping it claim six innocent victims.
Cast: Matt McClure, Mollie Hindle, James Swanton, Nicola Wright, Nicholas Anscombe


Rush: 2013 | R | 123 min | 7.713 rating
In the 1970s, a rivalry propels race car drivers Niki Lauda and James Hunt to fame and glory — until a horrible accident threatens to end it all.
Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Daniel Brühl, Olivia Wilde, Alexandra Maria Lara, Pierfrancesco Favino


Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2: 2013 | PG | 95 min | 6.438 rating
After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world.
Cast: Bill Hader, Anna Faris, James Caan, Will Forte, Andy Samberg


Jackass Forever: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.879 rating
The Jackass crew, along with some newcomers, returns for one final round of hilarious, absurd, and dangerous stunts.
Cast: Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Chris Pontius, Dave England, Jason Acuña


One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest: 1975 | R | 133 min | 8.423 rating
A petty criminal fakes insanity to serve his sentence in a mental ward rather than prison. He soon finds himself as a leader to the other patients—and an enemy to the cruel, domineering nurse who runs the ward.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Brad Dourif, Louise Fletcher, Danny DeVito, William Redfield


Dark City: 1998 | R | 100 min | 7.328 rating
A man struggles with memories of his past, including a wife he cannot remember, in a nightmarish world with no sun and run by beings with telekinetic powers who seek the souls of humans.
Cast: Rufus Sewell, William Hurt, Kiefer Sutherland, Jennifer Connelly, Richard O'Brien


Tightrope: 1984 | R | 115 min | 6.1 rating
Wes Block is a detective who's put on the case of a serial killer whose victims are young and pretty women. The murders are getting personal when the killer chooses victims who are acquaintances of Block. Even his daughters are threatened.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Geneviève Bujold, Dan Hedaya, Alison Eastwood, Jenny Beck


Clueless: 1995 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.272 rating
Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Emboldened by her success, she decides to give hopelessly klutzy new student Tai a makeover. When Tai becomes more popular than she is, Cher realizes that her disapproving ex-stepbrother was right about how misguided she was -- and falls for him.
Cast: Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash, Brittany Murphy, Paul Rudd, Donald Faison


Café Society: 2016 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.458 rating
The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywood during the 1930s hoping to work in the film industry, falls in love, and finds himself swept up in the vibrant café society that defined the spirit of the age.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, Steve Carell, Blake Lively, Parker Posey


The Wrong Missy: 2020 | R | 90 min | 6.149 rating
A guy meets the woman of his dreams and invites her to his company's corporate retreat, but realizes he sent the invite to the wrong person.
Cast: David Spade, Lauren Lapkus, Nick Swardson, Geoff Pierson, Jackie Sandler


Cold Skin: 2017 |  | 106 min | 6.233 rating
A young man who arrives at a remote island finds himself trapped in a battle for his life.
Cast: David Oakes, Ray Stevenson, Aura Garrido, Winslow Iwaki, John Benfield


The Unhealer: 2020 | R | 94 min | 5.94 rating
A botched faith healing leaves a bullied teenager with unusual powers.
Cast: Natasha Henstridge, Lance Henriksen, Adam Beach, Chris Browning, Branscombe Richmond


Bad Teacher: 2011 | R | 92 min | 5.586 rating
A lazy, incompetent middle school teacher who hates her job and her students is forced to return to her job to make enough money for a boob job after her rich fiancé dumps her.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, Justin Timberlake, Lucy Punch, John Michael Higgins


Hollow Man: 2000 | R | 112 min | 5.9 rating
Cocky researcher Sebastian Caine is working on a project to make living creatures invisible. Determined to achieve the ultimate breakthrough, Caine pushes his team to move to the next phase — using himself as the subject. The test is a success, but when the process can't be reversed and Caine seems doomed to future without flesh, he starts to turn increasingly dangerous.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Elisabeth Shue, Josh Brolin, Kim Dickens, Greg Grunberg


Paper Towns: 2015 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.1 rating
Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew.
Cast: Nat Wolff, Cara Delevingne, Austin Abrams, Justice Smith, Halston Sage


Spirit Untamed: 2021 | PG | 88 min | 7.253 rating
Lucky Prescott's life is changed forever when she moves from her home in the city to a small frontier town and befriends a wild mustang named Spirit.
Cast: Isabela Merced, Julianne Moore, Marsai Martin, Mckenna Grace, Walton Goggins


Haywire: 2011 |  | 93 min | 5.689 rating
A black ops soldier seeks payback after she is betrayed and left for dead.
Cast: Gina Carano, Michael Fassbender, Ewan McGregor, Bill Paxton, Channing Tatum


Gladiator: 1992 | R | 101 min | 7.583 rating
Tommy Riley has moved with his dad to Chicago from a 'nice place'. He keeps to himself, goes to school. However, after a street fight he is noticed and quickly falls into the world of illegal underground boxing - where punches can kill.
Cast: James Marshall, T.E. Russell, Cuba Gooding Jr., Robert Loggia, Brian Dennehy


Mystery Men: 1999 | PG-13 | 121 min | 5.823 rating
When Champion City's hero Captain Amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain Casanova Frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- Mr. Furious, the Shoveler and the Blue Raja -- assemble a new super team to save him.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Hank Azaria, William H. Macy, Greg Kinnear, Kel Mitchell


Saint Seiya: The Heated Battle of the Gods: 1988 | NR | 46 min | 7.54 rating
In Siberia, Hyōga saves a man that is being attacked. Injured, the man manages only to say something about Asgard. Some days later, Saori, Seiya, Shiryū and Shun are wondering about Hyōga and decide to go to Asgard to investigate. At Valhalla, the Lord of Asgard, Dolbar, says he has not heard of any Hyōga and neither has his right hand, Loki. However, at all times Seiya and the others can feel an evil cosmo emanating from Loki and the other Odin Saints called God Warriors. Shiryū, in particular, notices a familiar cosmo coming from Midgard, a mysterious, masked God Warrior. Dolbar makes it clear that he is trying to take control of both Asgard and the Sanctuary, imprisoning Athena in a strange dimension within the giant statue of Odin. Midgard reveals himself as Hyōga and tries to kill Shiryū to prove himself to Dolbar. Thus, it is the task of the Bronze Saints to defeat Dolbar, Loki and the rest of the God Warriors, to save Athena and Hyōga.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Koichi Hashimoto, Ryou Horikawa, Hideyuki Hori


Maverick: 1994 | PG | 127 min | 6.867 rating
Maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them, and needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a winner-takes-all poker game that begins in a few days, so he joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvellous southern accent, and the two try and enter the game.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster, James Garner, Graham Greene, Alfred Molina


Margaux: 2022 | R | 105 min | 6.341 rating
As a group of seniors celebrate their final college days at a smart house, the house's highly advanced AI system, Margaux, begins to take on a deadly presence of her own. A carefree weekend of partying turns into a dystopian nightmare as they realize Margaux's plans to eliminate her tenants one way or another. Time begins to run out as the group desperately tries to survive and outsmart the smart home.
Cast: Madison Pettis, Vanessa Morgan, Richard Harmon, Lochlyn Munro, Jedidiah Goodacre


Cats in the Museum: 2023 | NR | 80 min | 7.2 rating
A cartoon about the famous four-legged inhabitants of the St. Petersburg Winter Palace - museum cats that protect the territory of the State Hermitage from rats and mice.
Cast: Jordan Worsley, Stephen Peter Krisel, Maria Smakhtina, Michael Kleeman, Nikki Aaron


The Tale of The Princess Kaguya: 2013 | PG | 137 min | 8.1 rating
Found inside a shining stalk of bamboo by an old bamboo cutter and his wife, a tiny girl grows rapidly into an exquisite young lady. The mysterious young princess enthrals all who encounter her. But, ultimately, she must confront her fate.
Cast: Aki Asakura, Takeo Chii, Nobuko Miyamoto, Kengo Kora, Atsuko Takahata


Zatch Bell! 101st Devil: 2004 | NR | 84 min | 7 rating
While the battle to determine the next king of the demon realm has often been fraught, the rules were always clear.  100 demon children partnered with 100 humans would challenge each other, using 100 magical books.  What none of them knew was that there was a 101st magical book, powerful enough to stop any of the others.  Gash and Kiyomaro must begin a journey that will take them into the demon realm to confront the mysteries of Gash's past.  But will they escape in time to help their friends in a battle with a seemingly unstoppable enemy?
Cast: Takahiro Sakurai, Ai Maeda, Akiko Yajima, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Ikue Otani


Saint Seiya: Warriors of the Final Holy Battle: 1989 | NR | 45 min | 7.293 rating
The plot involves the coming of Lucifer to the Sanctuary, where his underlings systematically dispose of the surviving Gold Saints. Athena goes to Lucifer to ask for peace, placing herself in peril. The Bronze Saints must then come to her rescue, destroying Lucifer's Fallen Angels (Seima Tenshi in Japanese) in the process.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Koichi Hashimoto, Ryou Horikawa, Hideyuki Hori


Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life: 2009 | G | 94 min | 7.1 rating
When the creator of the world, Arceus, comes to pass judgement on humanity for the theft of the legendary Jewel of Life, Ash and his friends are sent back in time to possibly reverse the events that led to Arceus' vendetta.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Yuji Ueda, Megumi Toyoguchi, Etsuko Kozakura


Spring Breakers: 2013 | R | 94 min | 5.222 rating
After four college girls rob a restaurant to fund their spring break in Florida, they get entangled with a weird dude with his own criminal agenda.
Cast: James Franco, Selena Gomez, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Benson, Rachel Korine


Domino: 2005 | R | 127 min | 5.9 rating
The story of the life of Domino Harvey, who abandoned her career as a Ford model to become a bounty hunter.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Mickey Rourke, Edgar Ramírez, Delroy Lindo, Mo'Nique


Valkyrie: 2008 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.92 rating
Wounded in Africa during World War II, Nazi Col. Claus von Stauffenberg returns to his native Germany and joins the Resistance in a daring plan to create a shadow government and assassinate Adolf Hitler. When events unfold so that he becomes a central player, he finds himself tasked with both leading the coup and personally killing the Führer.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Kenneth Branagh, Bill Nighy, Terence Stamp, Tom Wilkinson


Roman Holiday: 1953 | G | 119 min | 7.881 rating
Overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, touring European princess Ann takes off for a night while in Rome. When a sedative she took from her doctor kicks in, however, she falls asleep on a park bench and is found by an American reporter, Joe Bradley, who takes her back to his apartment for safety. At work the next morning, Joe finds out Ann's regal identity and bets his editor he can get exclusive interview with her, but romance soon gets in the way.
Cast: Audrey Hepburn, Gregory Peck, Eddie Albert, Hartley Power, Harcourt Williams


Che: Part Two: 2008 | NR | 135 min | 6.679 rating
After the Cuban Revolution, Che is at the height of his fame and power. Then he disappears, re-emerging incognito in Bolivia, where he organizes a small group of Cuban comrades and Bolivian recruits to start the great Latin American Revolution. Through this story, we come to understand how Che remains a symbol of idealism and heroism that lives in the hearts of people around the world.
Cast: Benicio del Toro, Carlos Bardem, Demián Bichir, Joaquim de Almeida, Pablo Durán


Congo: 1995 | PG-13 | 109 min | 5.5 rating
Eight people embark on an expedition into the Congo, a mysterious expanse of unexplored Africa where human greed and the laws of nature have gone berserk. When the thrill-seekers -- some with ulterior motives -- stumble across a race of killer apes.
Cast: Laura Linney, Dylan Walsh, Ernie Hudson, Tim Curry, Grant Heslov


The Package: 2018 | R | 94 min | 5.944 rating
When a group of teenagers goes on a spring break camping trip, an unfortunate accident sets off a race to save their friend’s most prized possession.
Cast: Daniel Doheny, Geraldine Viswanathan, Luke Spencer Roberts, Sadie Calvano, Eduardo Franco


Moby Dick: 1956 |  | 116 min | 6.971 rating
In 1841, young Ishmael signs up for service aboard the Pequod, a whaler sailing out of New Bedford. The ship is under the command of Captain Ahab, a strict disciplinarian who exhorts his men to find Moby Dick, the great white whale. Ahab lost his his leg to that creature and is desperate for revenge. As the crew soon learns, he will stop at nothing to gain satisfaction.
Cast: Gregory Peck, Richard Basehart, Leo Genn, James Robertson Justice, Harry Andrews


Emmanuelle: Queen of Sados: 1980 | NC-17 | 91 min | 6.11 rating
After years of abuse at the hands of her husband, a woman, Emmanouella, is pushed to the breaking point. She hires a hitman to do in her husband, but just when she thinks her troubles are at an end, the assassin blackmails her. As her husband's business partner struggles to prove her guilt, and as the hitman continues to threaten her new found security, Emmanouella struggles to keep her name clear and to keep her naive stepdaughter from becoming tangled in the web of danger she has created.
Cast: Laura Gemser, Gabriele Tinti, Livia Russo, Nadia Neri, Haris Tryfonas


Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga: 2020 | PG-13 | 123 min | 6.4 rating
Two small-town aspiring musicians chase their pop star dreams at a global music competition, where high stakes, scheming rivals and onstage mishaps test their bond.
Cast: Rachel McAdams, Will Ferrell, Pierce Brosnan, Dan Stevens, Jamie Demetriou


Along Came a Spider: 2001 | R | 104 min | 6.34 rating
After the harrowing death of his partner, detective and best-selling author Alex Cross has retreated to the peace of retirement. But when a brilliant criminal kidnaps a senator's young daughter, Alex is lured back into action. Teamed with the Secret Service agent assigned to protect the missing girl, Alex follows a serpentine trail of clues that leads him to a stunning discovery - the kidnapper wants more than just ransom.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Monica Potter, Michael Wincott, Dylan Baker, Mika Boorem


The Stranger: 2022 | NR | 117 min | 6.18 rating
Two strangers strike up a conversation on a long journey. One is a suspect in an unsolved missing person’s case and the other an undercover operative on his trail. Their uneasy friendship becomes the core of this tightly wrought thriller, which is based on the true story of one of the largest investigations and undercover operations in Australia.
Cast: Joel Edgerton, Sean Harris, Jada Alberts, Fletcher Humphrys, Mike Foenander


Suspiria: 1977 | R | 99 min | 7.511 rating
An American newcomer to a prestigious German ballet academy comes to realize that the school is a front for something sinister amid a series of grisly murders.
Cast: Jessica Harper, Stefania Casini, Flavio Bucci, Miguel Bosé, Barbara Magnolfi


47 Ronin: 2013 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.158 rating
Kai—an outcast—joins Oishi, the leader of 47 outcast samurai.  Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind.  To restore honour to their homeland, the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Hiroyuki Sanada, Ko Shibasaki, Tadanobu Asano, Min Tanaka


Santa's Slay: 2005 | R | 78 min | 5.419 rating
Santa Claus is actually a demon who lost a bet with an angel, so he became the giver of toys and happiness. But this year the bet is off, and Santa is about to return to his evil ways.
Cast: Bill Goldberg, Douglas Smith, Emilie de Ravin, Robert Culp, Dave Thomas


Stuart Little: 1999 | PG | 84 min | 6.05 rating
The adventures of a heroic and debonair stalwart mouse named Stuart Little with human qualities, who faces some comic misadventures while living with a human family as their child.
Cast: Michael J. Fox, Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Nathan Lane


Justice League: Doom: 2012 | PG-13 | 77 min | 7.413 rating
An adaptation of Mark Waid's "Tower of Babel" story from the JLA comic. Vandal Savage steals confidential files Batman has compiled on the members of the Justice League, and learns all their weaknesses.
Cast: Kevin Conroy, Tim Daly, Susan Eisenberg, Michael Rosenbaum, Carl Lumbly


No Escape: 1994 | R | 118 min | 6.3 rating
In the year 2022, a ruthless prison warden has created the ultimate solution for his most troublesome and violent inmates: Absolom, a secret jungle island where prisoners are abandoned and left to die. But Marine Captain John Robbins, convicted of murdering a commanding officer, is determined to escape the island in order to reveal the truth behind his murderous actions and clear his name.
Cast: Ray Liotta, Lance Henriksen, Stuart Wilson, Kevin Dillon, Kevin J. O'Connor


In the Heat of the Night: 1967 | PG-13 | 109 min | 7.651 rating
African-American Philadelphia police detective Virgil Tibbs is arrested on suspicion of murder by Bill Gillespie, the racist police chief of tiny Sparta, Mississippi. After Tibbs proves not only his own innocence but that of another man, he joins forces with Gillespie to track down the real killer. Their investigation takes them through every social level of the town, with Tibbs making enemies as well as unlikely friends as he hunts for the truth.
Cast: Sidney Poitier, Rod Steiger, Warren Oates, Peter Whitney, Lee Grant


Slumberland: 2022 | PG | 117 min | 7.42 rating
A young girl discovers a secret map to the dreamworld of Slumberland, and with the help of an eccentric outlaw, she traverses dreams and flees nightmares, with the hope that she will be able to see her late father again.
Cast: Marlow Barkley, Jason Momoa, Chris O'Dowd, Kyle Chandler, Weruche Opia


Hombre: 1967 | NR | 111 min | 7 rating
John Russell, disdained by his "respectable" fellow stagecoach passengers because he was raised by Indians, becomes their only hope for survival when they are set upon by outlaws.
Cast: Paul Newman, Fredric March, Richard Boone, Diane Cilento, Cameron Mitchell


Chain Reaction: 1996 | PG-13 | 107 min | 5.698 rating
Two researchers in a green alternative energy project forced on the run when they are framed for murder and treason.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Morgan Freeman, Rachel Weisz, Fred Ward, Kevin Dunn


The Hateful Eight: 2015 | R | 188 min | 7.8 rating
Bounty hunters seek shelter from a raging blizzard and get caught up in a plot of betrayal and deception.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt Russell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Walton Goggins, Demián Bichir


Lock Up: 1989 | R | 115 min | 6.805 rating
Frank Leone is nearing the end of his prison term for a relatively minor crime. Just before he is paroled, however, Warden Drumgoole takes charge. Drumgoole was assigned to a hell-hole prison after his administration was publicly humiliated by Leone, and has now arrived on the scene to ensure that Leone never sees the light of day.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Donald Sutherland, John Amos, Sonny Landham, Tom Sizemore


Problem Child 2: 1991 | PG-13 | 90 min | 5.82 rating
Junior and his father, Ben, move from Cold River to Mortville. Junior becomes threatened by Ben's desire to date again and find a new mother for Junior, and sabotages each of his dates.
Cast: John Ritter, Michael J. Oliver, Jack Warden, Laraine Newman, Amy Yasbeck


Dangerous Lesson: 2020 | NR | 85 min | 4.6 rating
Kang-seo, a prestigious college student who lived as a tutor and a convenience store part-timer received a tutoring request one day. Kang-seo, who was tutoring the gangster's daughter, goes to bed with the gangster's newly remarried wife, and is soon threatened by the gangster.
Cast: Yoo Jung, Sae Bom, Sung Yeon, Seung Ha, Sang Woo


The Quake: 2018 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.8 rating
A geologist races against time to save his estranged wife and two children when a devastating earthquake strikes Oslo, Norway.
Cast: Kristoffer Joner, Ane Dahl Torp, Jonas Hoff Oftebro, Edith Haagenrud-Sande, Kathrine Thorborg Johansen


Perfume: The Story of a Murderer: 2006 | R | 147 min | 7.351 rating
Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born in the stench of 18th century Paris, develops a superior olfactory sense, which he uses to create the world's finest perfumes. However, his work takes a dark turn as he tries to preserve scents in the search for the ultimate perfume.
Cast: Ben Whishaw, Alan Rickman, Rachel Hurd-Wood, Dustin Hoffman, John Hurt


Kagemusha: 1980 | PG | 180 min | 7.8 rating
Akira Kurosawa's lauded feudal epic presents the tale of a petty thief who is recruited to impersonate Shingen, an aging warlord, in order to avoid attacks by competing clans. When Shingen dies, his generals reluctantly agree to have the impostor take over as the powerful ruler. He soon begins to appreciate life as Shingen, but his commitment to the role is tested when he must lead his troops into battle against the forces of a rival warlord.
Cast: Tatsuya Nakadai, Tsutomu Yamazaki, Kenichi Hagiwara, Jinpachi Nezu, Hideji Ōtaki


Frost/Nixon: 2008 | R | 122 min | 7.311 rating
For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted.
Cast: Michael Sheen, Frank Langella, Kevin Bacon, Sam Rockwell, Matthew Macfadyen


A Merry Friggin' Christmas: 2014 | PG-13 | 82 min | 5.319 rating
Boyd Mitchler and his family must spend Christmas with his estranged family of misfits. Upon realizing that he left all his son's gifts at home, he hits the road with his dad in an attempt to make the 8-hour round trip before sunrise.
Cast: Joel McHale, Robin Williams, Lauren Graham, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Candice Bergen


Final Analysis: 1992 | R | 124 min | 5.698 rating
A psychiatrist becomes romantically involved with the sister of one of his patients, but the influence of her controlling gangster husband threatens to destroy them both.
Cast: Richard Gere, Kim Basinger, Uma Thurman, Eric Roberts, Paul Guilfoyle


Housesitter: 1992 | PG | 102 min | 6.123 rating
After building his dream house, architect Newton Davis proposes marriage to his girlfriend, only to be summarily rejected. He seeks solace in a one-night stand with a waitress, never imagining that a woman he slept with once would end up posing as his wife. Gwen's ruse is so effective that by the time Newton learns of his "marriage," the entire town feels like they know him.
Cast: Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, Dana Delany, Julie Harris, Donald Moffat


Cloverfield: 2008 | PG-13 | 85 min | 6.677 rating
Five young New Yorkers throw their friend a going-away party the night that a monster the size of a skyscraper descends upon the city. Told from the point of view of their video camera, the film is a document of their attempt to survive the most surreal, horrifying event of their lives.
Cast: Lizzy Caplan, Jessica Lucas, T.J. Miller, Michael Stahl-David, Mike Vogel


The Cave: 2005 | PG-13 | 97 min | 5.3 rating
After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain.
Cast: Cole Hauser, Lena Headey, Morris Chestnut, Eddie Cibrian, Piper Perabo


Doctor Dolittle: 1998 | PG-13 | 85 min | 5.679 rating
A successful physician and devoted family man, John Dolittle seems to have the world by the tail, until a long suppressed talent he possessed as a child, the ability to communicate with animals is suddenly reawakened with a vengeance! Now every creature within squawking distance wants the good doctor's advice, unleashing an outrageous chain of events that turns his world upside down!
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Ossie Davis, Oliver Platt, Peter Boyle, Richard Schiff


Eat Pray Love: 2010 | PG-13 | 133 min | 6.235 rating
Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having – a husband, a house and a successful career – yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy, the power of prayer in India and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.
Cast: Julia Roberts, Javier Bardem, James Franco, Billy Crudup, Richard Jenkins


Scooby-Doo! The Sword and the Scoob: 2021 | NR | 72 min | 7.7 rating
An evil sorceress transports the gang back to the age of chivalrous knights, spell-casting wizards, and fire-breathing dragons.
Cast: Grey DeLisle, Stephen Stanton, Kari Wahlgren, Frank Welker, Kate Micucci


This Means War: 2012 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.154 rating
Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle against one another after they discover they are dating the same woman.
Cast: Reese Witherspoon, Chris Pine, Tom Hardy, Laura Vandervoort, Angela Bassett


Dirty Rotten Scoundrels: 1988 | PG | 110 min | 7.099 rating
Two con men try to settle their rivalry by betting on who can be the first to swindle a young American heiress out of $50,000.  A loose remake of Bedtime Story (1964).
Cast: Steve Martin, Michael Caine, Glenne Headly, Anton Rodgers, Barbara Harris


Dragon Ball Z: Bio-Broly: 1994 | PG | 50 min | 5.755 rating
Jaga Bada, Mr. Satan's old sparring partner, has invited Satan to his personal island to hold a grudge match. Trunks and Goten decide to come for the adventure and Android #18 is following Satan for the money he owes her. Little do they know that Jaga Bada's scientist have found a way to resurrect Broly, the legendary Super Saiyan.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Takeshi Kusao, Daisuke Gori, Mayumi Tanaka, Miki Ito


Police Academy: 1984 | R | 97 min | 6.664 rating
New rules enforced by the Lady Mayoress mean that sex, weight, height and intelligence need no longer be a factor for joining the Police Force. This opens the floodgates for all and sundry to enter the Police Academy, much to the chagrin of the instructors. Not everyone is there through choice, though. Social misfit Mahoney has been forced to sign up as the only alternative to a jail sentence and it doesn't take long before he falls foul of the boorish Lieutenant Harris. But before long, Mahoney realises that he is enjoying being a police cadet and decides he wants to stay... while Harris decides he wants Mahoney out!
Cast: Steve Guttenberg, Kim Cattrall, G.W. Bailey, Bubba Smith, Donovan Scott


All the Money in the World: 2017 | R | 132 min | 6.486 rating
The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old John Paul Getty III and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather Jean Paul Getty to pay the ransom.
Cast: Michelle Williams, Christopher Plummer, Mark Wahlberg, Romain Duris, Timothy Hutton


Contraband: 2012 | R | 109 min | 6.3 rating
When his brother-in-law runs afoul of a drug lord, family man Chris Farraday turns to a skill he abandoned long ago—smuggling—to repay the debt. But the job goes wrong, and Farraday finds himself wanted by cops, crooks and killers alike.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Foster, Giovanni Ribisi, Lukas Haas


Inside Man: 2006 | R | 129 min | 7.403 rating
When an armed, masked gang enter a Manhattan bank, lock the doors and take hostages, the detective assigned to effect their release enters negotiations preoccupied with corruption charges he is facing.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Clive Owen, Jodie Foster, Christopher Plummer, Willem Dafoe


Runaway Train: 1985 | R | 111 min | 6.957 rating
A hardened convict and a younger prisoner escape from a brutal prison in the middle of winter only to find themselves on an out-of-control train with a female railway worker while being pursued by the vengeful head of security.
Cast: Jon Voight, Eric Roberts, Rebecca De Mornay, Kyle T. Heffner, John P. Ryan


South Park: Joining the Panderverse: 2023 | R | 48 min | 8.05 rating
Cartman's deeply disturbing dreams portend the end of the life he knows and loves. Meanwhile, the adults in South Park are wrestling with their own life decisions, as the advent of AI is turning their world upside down.
Cast: Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Janeshia Adams-Ginyard, Montana Jacobowitz, April Stewart


Exeter: 2015 |  | 91 min | 4.7 rating
During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an abandoned asylum known for the horrific treatment of its patients, a group of ordinary teens decide to experiment with the occult, mysteriously leading to a violent possession. In an effort to find help, the group rushes to escape, only to find themselves locked inside with no means of communication. Tempers flare, trusts are broken and in attempt to save one of their friends possessed by the demon, the amateurs try to perform an exorcism. Instead of solving the problem, and unbeknownst to them, they unleash an even more powerful and vengeful spirit, one with a distinct motive and which wants them all dead. The teen's only chance of survival is to uncover the asylum's deep mysteries and find a way out before it's too late.
Cast: Stephen Lang, Kelly Blatz, Brittany Curran, Gage Golightly, Nick Nicotera


Land of the Lost: 2009 | PG-13 | 102 min | 5.42 rating
On his latest expedition, Dr. Rick Marshall is sucked into a space-time vortex alongside his research assistant and a redneck survivalist. In this alternate universe, the trio make friends with a primate named Chaka, their only ally in a world full of dinosaurs and other fantastic creatures.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Anna Friel, Danny McBride, Jorma Taccone, John Boylan


Hackers: 1995 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.334 rating
Along with his new friends, a teenager who was arrested by the US Secret Service and banned from using a computer for writing a computer virus discovers a plot by a nefarious hacker, but they must use their computer skills to find the evidence while being pursued by the Secret Service and the evil computer genius behind the virus.
Cast: Jonny Lee Miller, Angelina Jolie, Jesse Bradford, Matthew Lillard, Renoly Santiago


Unthinkable: 2010 | R | 97 min | 6.727 rating
The government gets wind of a plot to destroy America involving a trio of nuclear weapons for which the whereabouts are unknown. It's up to a seasoned interrogator and an FBI agent to find out exactly where the nukes are.
Cast: Samuel L. Jackson, Carrie-Anne Moss, Michael Sheen, Stephen Root, Lora Kojovic


Old School: 2003 | R | 88 min | 6.592 rating
Three friends attempt to recapture their glory days by opening up a fraternity near their alma mater.
Cast: Luke Wilson, Will Ferrell, Vince Vaughn, Jeremy Piven, Ellen Pompeo


Night School: 2018 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.162 rating
Teddy Walker is a successful salesman whose life takes an unexpected turn when he accidentally blows up his place of employment. Forced to attend night school to get his GED, Teddy soon finds himself dealing with a group of misfit students, his former high school nemesis and a feisty teacher who doesn't think he's too bright.
Cast: Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish, Rob Riggle, Romany Malco, Taran Killam


Zandalee: 1991 | R | 100 min | 4.2 rating
Bored with her marriage to burnt out poet turned corporate executive Thierry, Zandalee falls prey to an old friend of her husband, the manipulative and egotistical Johnny and becomes enmeshed in a sensual, passionate and destructive affair.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Erika Anderson, Judge Reinhold, Joe Pantoliano, Viveca Lindfors


Buffalo '66: 1998 | R | 110 min | 7.127 rating
Billy is released after five years in prison. In the next moment, he kidnaps teenage student Layla and visits his parents with her, pretending she is his girlfriend and they will soon marry.
Cast: Vincent Gallo, Christina Ricci, Ben Gazzara, Anjelica Huston, Rosanna Arquette


Rosemary's Baby: 1968 | R | 138 min | 7.818 rating
A young couple, Rosemary and Guy, moves into an infamous New York apartment building, known by frightening legends and mysterious events, with the purpose of starting a family.
Cast: Mia Farrow, John Cassavetes, Ruth Gordon, Sidney Blackmer, Maurice Evans


DragonHeart: 1996 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.529 rating
In an ancient time when majestic fire-breathers soared through the skies, a knight named Bowen comes face to face and heart to heart with the last dragon on Earth, Draco. Taking up arms to suppress a tyrant king, Bowen soon realizes his task will be harder than he'd imagined: If he kills the king, Draco will die as well.
Cast: Dennis Quaid, Sean Connery, David Thewlis, Dina Meyer, Pete Postlethwaite


The Banker: 2020 | PG-13 | 120 min | 7.6 rating
In the 1960s, two entrepreneurs hatch an ingenious business plan to fight for housing integration—and equal access to the American Dream.
Cast: Anthony Mackie, Samuel L. Jackson, Nicholas Hoult, Nia Long, Jessie T. Usher


The Queen's Corgi: 2019 |  | 85 min | 6 rating
Since his arrival at Buckingham palace, Rex lives a life of luxury. Top dog, he has superseded his three fellow Corgis in Her Majesty’s heart. His arrogance can be quite irritating. When he causes a diplomatic incident during an official dinner with the President of the United States, he falls into disgrace. Betrayed by one of his peers, Rex becomes a stray dog in the streets of London. How can he redeem himself? In love, he will find the resources to surpass himself in the face of great danger…
Cast: Rusty Shackleford, Jo Wyatt, Mari Devon, Dino Andrade, Joey Camen


Mank: 2020 | R | 132 min | 6.729 rating
1930s Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane.
Cast: Gary Oldman, Amanda Seyfried, Lily Collins, Arliss Howard, Tom Pelphrey


Werewolves Within: 2021 | R | 97 min | 6.039 rating
When a proposed pipeline creates hostilities between residents of a small town, a newly-arrived forest ranger must keep the peace after a snowstorm confines the townspeople to an old lodge. But when a mysterious creature begins terrorizing the group, their worst tendencies and prejudices rise to the surface, and it is up to the ranger to keep the residents alive, both from each other and the monster which plagues them.
Cast: Sam Richardson, Milana Vayntrub, George Basil, Sarah Burns, Michael Chernus


Risen: 2016 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.167 rating
Clavius, a powerful Roman military tribune, and his aide, Lucius, are tasked with solving the mystery of what happened to Jesus in the weeks following the crucifixion, in order to disprove the rumors of a risen Messiah and prevent an uprising in Jerusalem.
Cast: Joseph Fiennes, Peter Firth, Cliff Curtis, Tom Felton, Mark Killeen


Papillon: 2017 | R | 134 min | 7.34 rating
Henri “Papillon” Charrière, a safecracker from the Parisian underworld, is wrongfully convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, where he forges a strong friendship with Louis Dega, a counterfeiter who needs his protection.
Cast: Charlie Hunnam, Rami Malek, Christopher Fairbank, Eve Hewson, Michael Socha


After Yang: 2022 |  | 96 min | 6.418 rating
When his young daughter's beloved companion — an android named Yang — malfunctions, Jake searches for a way to repair him. In the process, Jake discovers the life that has been passing in front of him, reconnecting with his wife and daughter across a distance he didn't know was there.
Cast: Justin H. Min, Malea Emma Tjandrawidjaja, Colin Farrell, Jodie Turner-Smith, Haley Lu Richardson


Fist of Fury: 1972 | R | 108 min | 7.293 rating
Chen Chen returns to his former school in Shanghai when he learns that his beloved instructor has been murdered. While investigating the man's death, Chen discovers that a rival Japanese school is operating a drug smuggling ring. To avenge his master’s death, Chen takes on both Chinese and Japanese assassins… and even a towering Russian.
Cast: Bruce Lee, Nora Miao, Maria Yi, James Tien Chuen, Feng Tien


Synchronic: 2020 | R | 101 min | 6.324 rating
Two New Orleans paramedics' lives are ripped apart after encountering a series of horrific deaths linked to a designer drug with bizarre, otherworldly effects.
Cast: Anthony Mackie, Jamie Dornan, Katie Aselton, Alexia Ioannides, Ramiz Monsef


Geek Charming: 2011 | PG | 99 min | 6.6 rating
Film geek Josh is looking for the subject of his new documentary when a chance meeting puts the perfect star in his sights—Dylan, his school's most popular junior. But Dylan's hopes of using the film to become Blossom Queen don't quite match with Josh's goal to make a hard-hitting exposé about popularity. Will Josh shoot the film as planned, or show Dylan as the truly interesting person she is?
Cast: Sarah Hyland, Matt Prokop, Vanessa Morgan, Sasha Pieterse, Lili Simmons


The Bounty Hunter: 2010 | PG-13 | 110 min | 5.852 rating
A revered bounty hunter's latest gig is rather satisfying, as his bail-skipper is his ex-wife, who has no intention of getting nabbed without a fight.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Jennifer Aniston, Peter Greene, Jeff Garlin, Jason Sudeikis


Guns Akimbo: 2020 | R | 95 min | 6.448 rating
An ordinary guy suddenly finds himself forced to fight a gladiator-like battle for a dark website that streams the violence for viewers. In order to survive and rescue his kidnapped ex-girlfriend, he must battle Nix, a heavily armed and much more experienced fighter.
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Samara Weaving, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Ned Dennehy, Rhys Darby


Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn: 1995 | PG | 55 min | 7.483 rating
Not paying attention to his job, a young demon allows the evil cleansing machine to overflow and explode, turning the young demon into the infamous monster Janemba. Goku and Vegeta make solo attempts to defeat the monster, but realize their only option is fusion.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Ryou Horikawa, Takeshi Kusao, Daisuke Gori, Hiromi Tsuru


Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back: 2001 | R | 104 min | 6.43 rating
When Jay and Silent Bob learn that their comic-book alter egos, Bluntman and Chronic, have been sold to Hollywood as part of a big-screen movie that leaves them out of any royalties, the pair travels to Tinseltown to sabotage the production.
Cast: Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Jeff Anderson, Brian O'Halloran


Girl: 2020 |  | 90 min | 6.2 rating
A young woman returns to her small hometown intent on killing her abusive father only to discover someone murdered him the day before. As the girl searches for answers, she uncovers a family legacy more dangerous than she'd imagined.
Cast: Bella Thorne, Mickey Rourke, Glen Gould, Chad Faust, Elizabeth Saunders


The Hummingbird Project: 2019 | R | 111 min | 6.135 rating
A pair of high-frequency traders go up against their old boss in an effort to make millions in a fiber-optic cable deal.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Alexander Skarsgård, Salma Hayek Pinault, Michael Mando, Johan Heldenbergh


Inuyasha the Movie 4: Fire on the Mystic Island: 2004 | PG-13 | 88 min | 7.5 rating
The mysterious island of Houraijima has reappeared after 50 years, and with its reappearance has brought the attack of four gods, the Shitoushin, who have their eyes set on the powers that protect and sustain the island. Now it's up to Inuyasha and his friends, along with Sesshoumaru, to find a way to defeat the powerful Shitoushin.
Cast: Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe


They/Them: 2022 |  | 101 min | 4.906 rating
Campers at an LGBTQ+ conversion camp endure unsettling psychological techniques while the campsite is stalked by a mysterious killer.
Cast: Theo Germaine, Kevin Bacon, Quei Tann, Austin Crute, Monique Kim


Bulletproof: 1996 | R | 84 min | 5.7 rating
An undercover police officer named Rock Keats befriends a drug dealer and car thief named Archie Moses in a bid to catch the villainous drug lord Frank Coltan. But the only problem is that Keats is a cop, his real name is Jack Carter, and he is working undercover with the LAPD to bust Moses and Colton at a sting operation the LAPD has set up.
Cast: Damon Wayans, Adam Sandler, James Caan, Jeep Swenson, James Farentino


Snatch: 2000 | R | 103 min | 7.807 rating
Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond.
Cast: Jason Statham, Alan Ford, Brad Pitt, Stephen Graham, Dennis Farina


Mr. Peabody & Sherman: 2014 | PG | 92 min | 6.7 rating
A young boy and his dog, who happens to have a genius-level IQ, spring into action when their time-machine is stolen and moments in history begin to be changed.
Cast: Ty Burrell, Max Charles, Ariel Winter, Allison Janney, Stephen Colbert


Nosferatu: 1922 | NR | 94 min | 7.714 rating
The mysterious Count Orlok summons Thomas Hutter to his remote Transylvanian castle in the mountains. The eerie Orlok seeks to buy a house near Hutter and his wife, Ellen. After Orlok reveals his vampire nature, Hutter struggles to escape the castle, knowing that Ellen is in grave danger
Cast: Max Schreck, Gustav von Wangenheim, Greta Schröder, Georg H. Schnell, Ruth Landshoff


Cosmic Sin: 2021 | R | 88 min | 4.1 rating
In the year 2524, four centuries after humans started colonizing the outer planets, retired General James Ford gets called back into service when a hostile alien fleet attacks soldiers on a remote planet. The threat against mankind soon escalates into an interstellar war as Ford and a team of elite soldiers try to stop the imminent attack before it's too late.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Adelaide Kane, Frank Grillo, Lochlyn Munro, Costas Mandylor


Megan Leavey: 2017 | PG-13 | 116 min | 7.3 rating
The true story of Marine Corporal Megan Leavey, who forms a powerful bond with an aggressive combat dog, Rex. While deployed in Iraq, the two complete more than 100 missions and save countless lives, until an IED explosion puts their faithfulness to the test.
Cast: Kate Mara, Ramón Rodríguez, Tom Felton, Bradley Whitford, Will Patton


Mother Krampus: 2017 | NR | 90 min | 4.5 rating
Based on the myth of Frau Perchta, a witch that comes on the 12 days of Christmas taking children each night.
Cast: Claire-Maria Fox, Faye Goodwin, Tony Manders, Michelle Archer, Tara MacGowran


The Fighter: 2010 | R | 116 min | 7.385 rating
Boxer "Irish" Micky Ward's unlikely road to the world light welterweight title. His Rocky-like rise was shepherded by half-brother Dicky, a boxer-turned-trainer who rebounded in life after nearly being KO'd by drugs and crime.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Melissa Leo, Mickey O'Keefe


The Old Way: 2023 | R | 95 min | 5.876 rating
An old gunslinger and his daughter must face the consequences of his past, when the son of a man he killed years ago arrives to take his revenge.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Ryan Kiera Armstrong, Noah Le Gros, Clint Howard, Shiloh Fernandez


Spotlight: 2015 | R | 129 min | 7.817 rating
The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.
Cast: Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery


Victor Crowley: 2017 | NR | 83 min | 5.7 rating
Ten years ago, over forty people were brutally torn to pieces in Louisiana’s Honey Island Swamp. Over the past decade, lone survivor Andrew’s claims that local legend Victor Crowley was responsible for the horrific massacre have been met with great controversy. But when a twist of fate puts him back at the scene of the tragedy, Crowley is mistakenly resurrected and Andrew must face the bloodthirsty ghost from his past.
Cast: Kane Hodder, Parry Shen, Laura Ortiz, Dave Sheridan, Katie Booth


22 July: 2018 | R | 143 min | 7.096 rating
On 22 July 2011, neo-Nazi terrorist Anders Behring Breivik murdered 77 young people attending a Labour Party Youth Camp on Utøya Island outside of Oslo. This three-part story focuses on the survivors, the political leadership of Norway, and the lawyers involved.
Cast: Jonas Strand Gravli, Anders Danielsen Lie, Jon Øigarden, Seda Witt, Ola G. Furuseth


Casino Royale: 1967 |  | 131 min | 5.291 rating
Sir James Bond is called back out of retirement to stop SMERSH. In order to trick SMERSH, James thinks up the ultimate plan - that every agent will be named 'James Bond'. One of the Bonds, whose real name is Evelyn Tremble is sent to take on Le Chiffre in a game of baccarat, but all the Bonds get more than they can handle.
Cast: Peter Sellers, Ursula Andress, David Niven, Woody Allen, Joanna Pettet


The Duchess: 2008 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.997 rating
A chronicle of the life of 18th century aristocrat Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire, who was reviled for her extravagant political and personal life.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Ralph Fiennes, Charlotte Rampling, Dominic Cooper, Hayley Atwell


Memories of Murder: 2003 |  | 131 min | 8.065 rating
During the late 1980s, two detectives in a South Korean province attempt to solve the nation's first series of rape-and-murder cases.
Cast: Song Kang-ho, Kim Sang-kyung, Kim Roi-ha, Song Jae-ho, Byun Hee-bong


Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans: 2021 | PG | 106 min | 7.647 rating
The Guardians of Arcadia reunite to battle the nefarious Arcane Order, who've reawakened the primordial Titans.
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Lexi Medrano, Charlie Saxton, Kelsey Grammer, Alfred Molina


Jackass Forever: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.879 rating
The Jackass crew, along with some newcomers, returns for one final round of hilarious, absurd, and dangerous stunts.
Cast: Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Chris Pontius, Dave England, Jason Acuña


One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest: 1975 | R | 133 min | 8.423 rating
A petty criminal fakes insanity to serve his sentence in a mental ward rather than prison. He soon finds himself as a leader to the other patients—and an enemy to the cruel, domineering nurse who runs the ward.
Cast: Jack Nicholson, Brad Dourif, Louise Fletcher, Danny DeVito, William Redfield


Dark City: 1998 | R | 100 min | 7.328 rating
A man struggles with memories of his past, including a wife he cannot remember, in a nightmarish world with no sun and run by beings with telekinetic powers who seek the souls of humans.
Cast: Rufus Sewell, William Hurt, Kiefer Sutherland, Jennifer Connelly, Richard O'Brien


Tightrope: 1984 | R | 115 min | 6.1 rating
Wes Block is a detective who's put on the case of a serial killer whose victims are young and pretty women. The murders are getting personal when the killer chooses victims who are acquaintances of Block. Even his daughters are threatened.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Geneviève Bujold, Dan Hedaya, Alison Eastwood, Jenny Beck


Clueless: 1995 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.272 rating
Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Emboldened by her success, she decides to give hopelessly klutzy new student Tai a makeover. When Tai becomes more popular than she is, Cher realizes that her disapproving ex-stepbrother was right about how misguided she was -- and falls for him.
Cast: Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash, Brittany Murphy, Paul Rudd, Donald Faison


The Wrong Missy: 2020 | R | 90 min | 6.149 rating
A guy meets the woman of his dreams and invites her to his company's corporate retreat, but realizes he sent the invite to the wrong person.
Cast: David Spade, Lauren Lapkus, Nick Swardson, Geoff Pierson, Jackie Sandler


Cold Skin: 2017 |  | 106 min | 6.233 rating
A young man who arrives at a remote island finds himself trapped in a battle for his life.
Cast: David Oakes, Ray Stevenson, Aura Garrido, Winslow Iwaki, John Benfield


Ritual: 2013 | R | 90 min | 5.1 rating
A long time ago Tom loved Lovely. They were married and everything was perfect, at least for a little while. But that was then and this is now. Lovely has just killed a man in cold blood after he tried to drug and kidnap her in a motel. She calls Tom to help but now they've found a VHS tape that depicts a satanic ritual in which a woman is murdered. Lovely desperately wants to leave and they do, but Tom forgot his engraved lighter in the room, and when they go back to find it, the dead body appears missing.
Cast: Derek Phillips, Brian Lally, Dean Cates, Lisa Marie Summerscales, Katherine Skelton


The Unhealer: 2020 | R | 94 min | 5.94 rating
A botched faith healing leaves a bullied teenager with unusual powers.
Cast: Natasha Henstridge, Lance Henriksen, Adam Beach, Chris Browning, Branscombe Richmond


Bad Teacher: 2011 | R | 92 min | 5.586 rating
A lazy, incompetent middle school teacher who hates her job and her students is forced to return to her job to make enough money for a boob job after her rich fiancé dumps her.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, Justin Timberlake, Lucy Punch, John Michael Higgins


Hollow Man: 2000 | R | 112 min | 5.9 rating
Cocky researcher Sebastian Caine is working on a project to make living creatures invisible. Determined to achieve the ultimate breakthrough, Caine pushes his team to move to the next phase — using himself as the subject. The test is a success, but when the process can't be reversed and Caine seems doomed to future without flesh, he starts to turn increasingly dangerous.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Elisabeth Shue, Josh Brolin, Kim Dickens, Greg Grunberg


Paper Towns: 2015 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.1 rating
Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew.
Cast: Nat Wolff, Cara Delevingne, Austin Abrams, Justice Smith, Halston Sage


Lion: 2016 | PG-13 | 118 min | 8.083 rating
A five-year-old Indian boy gets lost on the streets of Calcutta, thousands of kilometers from home. He survives many challenges before being adopted by a couple in Australia; 25 years later, he sets out to find his lost family.
Cast: Dev Patel, Rooney Mara, David Wenham, Nicole Kidman, Abhishek Bharate


Haywire: 2011 |  | 93 min | 5.689 rating
A black ops soldier seeks payback after she is betrayed and left for dead.
Cast: Gina Carano, Michael Fassbender, Ewan McGregor, Bill Paxton, Channing Tatum


Bergman Island: 2021 | R | 113 min | 6.195 rating
An English-German filmmaking couple retreat to Fårö for the summer to each write screenplays for their upcoming films in an act of pilgrimage to the place that inspired Ingmar Bergman. As the summer and their screenplays advance, the lines between reality and fiction start to blur against the backdrop of the Island's wild landscape.
Cast: Vicky Krieps, Tim Roth, Mia Wasikowska, Anders Danielsen Lie, Hampus Nordenson


Gladiator: 1992 | R | 101 min | 7.583 rating
Tommy Riley has moved with his dad to Chicago from a 'nice place'. He keeps to himself, goes to school. However, after a street fight he is noticed and quickly falls into the world of illegal underground boxing - where punches can kill.
Cast: James Marshall, T.E. Russell, Cuba Gooding Jr., Robert Loggia, Brian Dennehy


Mystery Men: 1999 | PG-13 | 121 min | 5.8 rating
When Champion City's hero Captain Amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain Casanova Frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- Mr. Furious, the Shoveler and the Blue Raja -- assemble a new super team to save him.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Hank Azaria, William H. Macy, Greg Kinnear, Kel Mitchell


Saint Seiya: The Heated Battle of the Gods: 1988 | NR | 46 min | 7.54 rating
In Siberia, Hyōga saves a man that is being attacked. Injured, the man manages only to say something about Asgard. Some days later, Saori, Seiya, Shiryū and Shun are wondering about Hyōga and decide to go to Asgard to investigate. At Valhalla, the Lord of Asgard, Dolbar, says he has not heard of any Hyōga and neither has his right hand, Loki. However, at all times Seiya and the others can feel an evil cosmo emanating from Loki and the other Odin Saints called God Warriors. Shiryū, in particular, notices a familiar cosmo coming from Midgard, a mysterious, masked God Warrior. Dolbar makes it clear that he is trying to take control of both Asgard and the Sanctuary, imprisoning Athena in a strange dimension within the giant statue of Odin. Midgard reveals himself as Hyōga and tries to kill Shiryū to prove himself to Dolbar. Thus, it is the task of the Bronze Saints to defeat Dolbar, Loki and the rest of the God Warriors, to save Athena and Hyōga.
Cast: Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Koichi Hashimoto, Ryou Horikawa, Hideyuki Hori


Maverick: 1994 | PG | 127 min | 6.867 rating
Maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them, and needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a winner-takes-all poker game that begins in a few days, so he joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvellous southern accent, and the two try and enter the game.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster, James Garner, Graham Greene, Alfred Molina


Margaux: 2022 | R | 105 min | 6.341 rating
As a group of seniors celebrate their final college days at a smart house, the house's highly advanced AI system, Margaux, begins to take on a deadly presence of her own. A carefree weekend of partying turns into a dystopian nightmare as they realize Margaux's plans to eliminate her tenants one way or another. Time begins to run out as the group desperately tries to survive and outsmart the smart home.
Cast: Madison Pettis, Vanessa Morgan, Richard Harmon, Lochlyn Munro, Jedidiah Goodacre


Project Power: 2020 | R | 113 min | 6.5 rating
An ex-soldier, a teen and a cop collide in New Orleans as they hunt for the source behind a dangerous new pill that grants users temporary superpowers.
Cast: Jamie Foxx, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Dominique Fishback, Rodrigo Santoro, Courtney B. Vance


The Roundup: 2022 | PG | 106 min | 7.172 rating
The 'Beast Cop' Ma Seok-do heads to a foreign country to extradite a suspect, but soon after his arrival, he discovers additional murder cases and hears about a vicious killer who has been committing crimes against tourists for several years.
Cast: Ma Dong-seok, Son Suk-ku, Choi Gwi-hwa, Park Ji-hwan, Heo Dong-won


White Palace: 1990 | R | 103 min | 6.1 rating
Max Baron is a Jewish advertising executive in his 20s who's still getting over the death of his wife. Nora Baker is a 40-something diner waitress who enjoys the wilder side of life. Mismatched or not, their attraction is instant and smoldering. With time, however, their class and age differences become an obstacle in their relationship, especially since Max can't keep Nora a secret from his Jewish friends and upper-crust associates forever.
Cast: Susan Sarandon, James Spader, Kathy Bates, Jason Alexander, Eileen Brennan


The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent: 2022 | R | 107 min | 6.789 rating
Creatively unfulfilled and facing financial ruin, Nick Cage must accept a $1 million offer to attend the birthday of a dangerous superfan. Things take a wildly unexpected turn when Cage is recruited by a CIA operative and forced to live up to his own legend, channeling his most iconic and beloved on-screen characters in order to save himself and his loved ones.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Pedro Pascal, Sharon Horgan, Ike Barinholtz, Alessandra Mastronardi


Rogue: 2020 | R | 106 min | 5.616 rating
Battle-hardened O’Hara leads a lively mercenary team of soldiers on a daring mission: rescue hostages from their captors in remote Africa. But as the mission goes awry and the team is stranded, O’Hara’s squad must face a bloody, brutal encounter with a gang of rebels.
Cast: Megan Fox, Philip Winchester, Greg Kriek, Brandon Auret, Jessica Sutton


The Night House: 2021 | R | 107 min | 6.63 rating
Reeling from the unexpected death of her husband, Beth is left alone in the lakeside home he built for her. Soon she begins to uncover her recently deceased husband's disturbing secrets.
Cast: Rebecca Hall, Sarah Goldberg, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Evan Jonigkeit, Stacy Martin


The Bridge on the River Kwai: 1957 | PG | 161 min | 7.835 rating
The classic story of English POWs in Burma forced to build a bridge to aid the war effort of their Japanese captors. British and American intelligence officers conspire to blow up the structure, but Col. Nicholson, the commander who supervised the bridge's construction, has acquired a sense of pride in his creation and tries to foil their plans.
Cast: William Holden, Alec Guinness, Jack Hawkins, Sessue Hayakawa, James Donald


Home Again: 2017 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.126 rating
Life for a single mom in Los Angeles takes an unexpected turn when she allows three young guys to move in with her.
Cast: Reese Witherspoon, Pico Alexander, Michael Sheen, Candice Bergen, Nat Wolff


Cannibal Holocaust: 1980 | NR | 96 min | 6.303 rating
A New York University professor returns from a rescue mission to the Amazon rainforest with the footage shot by a lost team of documentarians who were making a film about the area's local cannibal tribes.
Cast: Robert Kerman, Francesca Ciardi, Perry Pirkanen, Luca Barbareschi, Salvatore Basile


The 12th Man: 2017 | NR | 136 min | 7.224 rating
After a failed anti-Nazi sabotage mission leaves his eleven comrades dead, a Norwegian resistance fighter finds himself fleeing the Gestapo through the snowbound reaches of Scandinavia.
Cast: Thomas Gullestad, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Marie Blokhus, Mads Sjøgård Pettersen, Martin Kiefer


Fullmetal Alchemist: The Revenge of Scar: 2022 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.683 rating
The Elric brothers meet their toughest opponent yet — a lone serial killer with a large scar on his forehead.
Cast: Ryosuke Yamada, Atomu Mizuishi, Tsubasa Honda, Dean Fujioka, Jun Fubuki


Batman and Superman: Battle of the Super Sons: 2022 | PG-13 | 80 min | 7.688 rating
After discovering he has powers, 11-year-old Jonathan Kent and assassin-turned-Boy-Wonder Damian Wayne must join forces to rescue their fathers (Superman & Batman) and save the planet from the malevolent alien force known as Starro.
Cast: Jack Dylan Grazer, Jack Griffo, Laura Bailey, Troy Baker, Darin De Paul


National Security: 2003 | PG-13 | 89 min | 5.913 rating
Earl Montgomery, a bombastic police academy reject, and Hank Rafferty, a disgraced, mild-mannered cop, can't seem to escape each other. They met on opposite sides of the law during a routine traffic stop that escalated out of control; now as lowly security guards they're thrown together to bust a smuggling operation.
Cast: Martin Lawrence, Steve Zahn, Colm Feore, Bill Duke, Eric Roberts


Old Dogs: 2009 | PG | 88 min | 5.518 rating
Charlie and Dan have been best friends and business partners for thirty years; their Manhattan public relations firm is on the verge of a huge business deal with a Japanese company. With two weeks to sew up the contract, Dan gets a surprise: a woman he married on a drunken impulse nearly nine years before (annulled the next day) shows up to tell him he's the father of her twins, now seven, and she'll be in jail for 14 days for a political protest. Dan volunteers to keep the tykes, although he's up tight and clueless. With Charlie's help is there any way they can be dad and uncle, meet the kids' expectations, and still land the account?
Cast: John Travolta, Robin Williams, Kelly Preston, Conner Rayburn, Ella Bleu Travolta


All the Bright Places: 2020 |  | 108 min | 7.7 rating
Two teens facing personal struggles form a powerful bond as they embark on a cathartic journey chronicling the wonders of Indiana.
Cast: Elle Fanning, Justice Smith, Alexandra Shipp, Kelli O'Hara, Lamar Johnson


Young Adult: 2011 | R | 94 min | 5.803 rating
A divorced writer from the Midwest returns to her hometown to reconnect with an old flame, who's now married with a family.
Cast: Charlize Theron, Patton Oswalt, Patrick Wilson, Elizabeth Reaser, Collette Wolfe


Species II: 1998 | R | 93 min | 5.178 rating
Having just returned from a mission to Mars, Commander Ross isn't exactly himself. He's slowly becoming a terrifying alien entity with one goal -- to procreate with human women! When countless women suffer gruesome deaths after bearing half-alien offspring, scientist Laura Baker and hired assassin Press Lennox use Eve, a more tempered alien clone, to find Ross and his brood. Before long Eve escapes to mate with Ross.
Cast: Michael Madsen, Natasha Henstridge, Marg Helgenberger, Mykelti Williamson, George Dzundza


Little Bone Lodge: 2023 |  | 93 min | 7.15 rating
During a stormy night in the Scottish Highlands, two criminal brothers on the run seek refuge in a desolate farmhouse. But after taking the resident family captive, they find the house holds even darker secrets of its own.
Cast: Joely Richardson, Sadie Soverall, Neil Linpow, Harry Cadby, Roger Ajogbe


Corrective Measures: 2022 |  | 106 min | 5.185 rating
Set in San Tiburon, the world's most dangerous maximum-security penitentiary and home to the world's most treacherous superpowered criminals, where tensions among the inmates and staff heighten, leading to anarchy that engulfs the prison and order is turned upside down.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Michael Rooker, Hayley Sales, Kat Ruston, Matthew Kevin Anderson


Career Opportunities: 1991 | PG-13 | 83 min | 6.9 rating
Josie, the daughter of the town's wealthiest businessman, faces problems at home and wishes to leave town but is disoriented. Her decision is finalized after she falls asleep in a Target dressing room. She awakens to find herself locked in the store overnight with the janitor, Jim, the town "no hoper" and liar.
Cast: Jennifer Connelly, Frank Whaley, Dermot Mulroney, Kieran Mulroney, John M. Jackson


Dream House: 2011 | PG-13 | 84 min | 6.14 rating
Publisher Will Atenton quits a lucrative job in New York to relocate his wife, Libby, and their daughters to a quaint town in New England. However, as they settle into their home the Atentons discover that a woman and her children were murdered there, and the surviving husband is the town's prime suspect. With help from a neighbor who was close to the murdered family, Will pieces together a horrifying chain of events.
Cast: Daniel Craig, Naomi Watts, Rachel Weisz, Marton Csokas, Elias Koteas


Dracula: 1958 | NR | 82 min | 7.286 rating
After Jonathan Harker attacks Dracula at his castle, the vampire travels to a nearby city, where he preys on the family of Harker's fiancée. The only one who may be able to protect them is Dr. van Helsing, Harker's friend and fellow-student of vampires, who is determined to destroy Dracula, whatever the cost.
Cast: Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, Michael Gough, Melissa Stribling, Carol Marsh


Last Holiday: 2006 | PG-13 | 112 min | 7.112 rating
The discovery that she has a terminal illness prompts introverted department store saleswoman Georgia Byrd to reflect on what she realizes has been an overly cautious life. With weeks to live, she withdraws her life savings, sells all her possessions and jets off to Europe where she lives it up at a posh hotel. Upbeat and passionate, Georgia charms everybody she meets, including renowned Chef Didier. The only one missing from her new life is her longtime crush Sean Matthews.
Cast: Queen Latifah, LL Cool J, Timothy Hutton, Alicia Witt, Giancarlo Esposito


X-Rated: The Greatest Adult Movies of All Time: 2015 |  | 94 min | 6.2 rating
The evolution of adult cinema through the most influential films in history, a journey that begins in the 1970s and ends nowadays. An in-depth analysis of the success of the most prestigious erotic films, their impact on industry and society, and their influence on cinema and contemporary culture.
Cast: Chanel Preston, Christy Canyon, Georgina Spelvin, Janine Lindemulder, Jenna Jameson


Shadow in the Cloud: 2020 | R | 83 min | 5.831 rating
A WWII pilot traveling with top secret documents on a B-17 Flying Fortress encounters an evil presence on board the flight.
Cast: Chloë Grace Moretz, Nick Robinson, Beulah Koale, Taylor John Smith, Callan Mulvey


Kill Boksoon: 2023 | R | 137 min | 6.9 rating
At work, she's a renowned assassin. At home, she's a single mom to a teenage daughter. Killing? That's easy. It's parenting that's the hard part.
Cast: Jeon Do-yeon, Sol Kyung-gu, Kim Si-a, Esom, Koo Kyo-hwan


Eddie the Eagle: 2016 |  | 106 min | 7.179 rating
The feel-good story of Michael 'Eddie' Edwards, an unlikely but courageous British ski-jumper who never stopped believing in himself—even as an entire nation was counting him out. With the help of a rebellious and charismatic coach, Eddie takes on the establishment and wins the hearts of sports fans around the world by making an improbable and historic showing at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics.
Cast: Taron Egerton, Hugh Jackman, Christopher Walken, Ania Sowinski, Mads Sjøgård Pettersen


Run: 2020 | PG-13 | 90 min | 7.333 rating
Chloe, a teenager who is confined to a wheelchair, is homeschooled by her mother, Diane. Chloe soon becomes suspicious of her mother and begins to suspect that she may be harboring a dark secret.
Cast: Sarah Paulson, Kiera Allen, Pat Healy, Sara Sohn, Erik Athavale


Annette: 2021 | R | 140 min | 6.8 rating
The story of Henry, a stand-up comedian with a fierce sense of humour and Ann, a singer of international renown. In the spotlight, they are the perfect couple, healthy, happy, and glamourous. The birth of their first child, Annette, a mysterious girl with an exceptional destiny, will change their lives.
Cast: Adam Driver, Marion Cotillard, Simon Helberg, Devyn McDowell, Angèle


A Charlie Brown Christmas: 1965 | G | 25 min | 7.7 rating
When Charlie Brown complains about the overwhelming materialism that he sees amongst everyone during the Christmas season, Lucy suggests that he become director of the school Christmas pageant. Charlie Brown accepts, but it is a frustrating struggle. When an attempt to restore the proper spirit with a forlorn little fir Christmas tree fails, he needs Linus' help to learn the meaning of Christmas.
Cast: Peter Robbins, Christopher Shea, Tracy Stratford, Cathy Steinberg, Bill Melendez


Insatiable Needs: 2004 | NC-17 | 92 min | 6 rating
The Manager of the rock band hires a nurse to provide on the eve of the summer tour of a healthy lifestyle rock star, who recently fainted during rehearsals. So begins the story, and it seems that nurse their expectations were not deceived...
Cast: Chloe, Dee, Jezebelle Bond, Danny Pape, Angela Nicholas


Joe Dirt: 2001 | PG-13 | 91 min | 5.586 rating
Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, acid-washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the Grand Canyon when he was a belligerent, trailer park-raised eight-year-old. Now, blasting Van Halen in his jacked-up economy car, the irrepressibly optimistic Joe hits the road alone in search of his folks.
Cast: David Spade, Dennis Miller, Brittany Daniel, Kid Rock, Adam Beach


The Last Letter from Your Lover: 2021 |  | 110 min | 7.462 rating
A young journalist in London becomes obsessed with a series of letters she discovers that recounts an intense star-crossed love affair from the 1960s.
Cast: Shailene Woodley, Felicity Jones, Callum Turner, Joe Alwyn, Nabhaan Rizwan


Dial M for Murder: 1954 | PG | 105 min | 8.019 rating
An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair, and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. When things go wrong, he improvises a new plan—to frame her for murder instead.
Cast: Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings, John Williams, Anthony Dawson


Sniper: 1993 | R | 98 min | 6.154 rating
Tough guy Thomas Beckett is an US soldier working in the Panamanian jungle. His job is to seek out rebels and remove them using his sniper skills. Beckett is notorious for losing his partners on such missions. This time he's accompanied by crack marksman Richard Miller.
Cast: Tom Berenger, Billy Zane, J.T. Walsh, Aden Young, Kenneth Radley


Spenser Confidential: 2020 | R | 110 min | 6.536 rating
Spenser, a former Boston patrolman who just got out from prison, teams up with Hawk, an aspiring fighter, to unravel the truth behind the death of two police officers.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Winston Duke, Alan Arkin, Iliza Shlesinger, Michael Gaston


Peppermint: 2018 | R | 102 min | 6.708 rating
A grieving mother transforms herself into a vigilante following the murders of her husband and daughter, eluding the authorities to deliver her own personal brand of justice.
Cast: Jennifer Garner, John Gallagher Jr., John Ortiz, Juan Pablo Raba, Annie Ilonzeh


The Bridges of Madison County: 1995 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.7 rating
Photographer Robert Kincaid wanders into the life of housewife Francesca Johnson for four days in the 1960s.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, Annie Corley, Victor Slezak, Jim Haynie


Bosomy Mom: 2020 | NR | 69 min | 4.7 rating
Da-hee gets married to Min-soo who is older than her. Thanks to him, he also gets a son who is not too old, Jae-hyuk, who she tries to get acquainted with, albeit awkwardly. After staying with Na-yeon, she suddenly has to meet Jae-hyuk, and Na-yeon has a date with Jae-hyuk. Min-soo is surprised to find three people coming back home from a date. It made him angry to see his son with two women. Right away, Min-soo seeks Da-hee and asks about Na-yeon. Na-yeon met Min-soo secretly. However, Da-hee who is aware of Min-soo and Da-hee's relationship, shares this fact to Jae-hyun.
Cast: Yoo Jung, Han Yi-seul 韓藝瑟, 朴银狐, James


Green Lantern: Beware My Power: 2022 | PG-13 | 87 min | 6.901 rating
Recently discharged Marine sniper John Stewart is at a crossroads in his life, one which is only complicated by receiving an extraterrestrial ring which grants him the powers of the Green Lantern of Earth. Unfortunately, the ring doesn't come with instructions - but it does come with baggage, like a horde of interplanetary killers bent on eliminating every Green Lantern in the universe. Now, with the aid of the light-hearted Green Arrow, Adam Strange and Hawkgirl, this reluctant soldier must journey into the heart of a galactic Rann/Thanagar war and somehow succeed where all other Green Lanterns have failed.
Cast: Aldis Hodge, Jimmi Simpson, Ike Amadi, Brian Bloom, Jamie Gray Hyder


Cardcaptor Sakura: The Sealed Card: 2000 | NR | 80 min | 8.2 rating
All of the Clow Cards have been captured, and Sakura Kinomoto, the new Master of the Cards, is preparing to play the lead in the play for the town festival. However, a new evil force is causing mysterious events all over Tomoeda, including the disappearance of Sakura's cards. With Syaoran's help, Sakura must figure out the cause of these events, and save her town.
Cast: Sakura Tange, Motoko Kumai, Aya Hisakawa, Masaya Onosaka, Megumi Ogata


I Spit on Your Grave: 2010 | R | 108 min | 6.504 rating
Jennifer is a writer working on a new novel and, needing to get out of the city to finish it, hires a riverside apartment in upstate New York to finish her book—attracting the attention of a number of rowdy male locals.
Cast: Sarah Butler, Jeff Branson, Tracey Walter, Andrew Howard, Chad Lindberg


Emma: 1996 | PG | 121 min | 6.7 rating
Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people’s affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly.
Cast: Gwyneth Paltrow, Toni Collette, Alan Cumming, Ewan McGregor, Jeremy Northam


The Social Network: 2010 | PG-13 | 121 min | 7.364 rating
In 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer genius Mark Zuckerberg begins work on a new concept that eventually turns into the global social network known as Facebook. Six years later, he is one of the youngest billionaires ever, but Zuckerberg finds that his unprecedented success leads to both personal and legal complications when he ends up on the receiving end of two lawsuits, one involving his former friend.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, Max Minghella


Spenser Confidential: 2020 | R | 110 min | 6.536 rating
Spenser, a former Boston patrolman who just got out from prison, teams up with Hawk, an aspiring fighter, to unravel the truth behind the death of two police officers.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Winston Duke, Alan Arkin, Iliza Shlesinger, Michael Gaston


Peppermint: 2018 | R | 102 min | 6.708 rating
A grieving mother transforms herself into a vigilante following the murders of her husband and daughter, eluding the authorities to deliver her own personal brand of justice.
Cast: Jennifer Garner, John Gallagher Jr., John Ortiz, Juan Pablo Raba, Annie Ilonzeh


The Bridges of Madison County: 1995 | PG-13 | 135 min | 7.7 rating
Photographer Robert Kincaid wanders into the life of housewife Francesca Johnson for four days in the 1960s.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, Annie Corley, Victor Slezak, Jim Haynie


Bosomy Mom: 2020 | NR | 69 min | 4.7 rating
Da-hee gets married to Min-soo who is older than her. Thanks to him, he also gets a son who is not too old, Jae-hyuk, who she tries to get acquainted with, albeit awkwardly. After staying with Na-yeon, she suddenly has to meet Jae-hyuk, and Na-yeon has a date with Jae-hyuk. Min-soo is surprised to find three people coming back home from a date. It made him angry to see his son with two women. Right away, Min-soo seeks Da-hee and asks about Na-yeon. Na-yeon met Min-soo secretly. However, Da-hee who is aware of Min-soo and Da-hee's relationship, shares this fact to Jae-hyun.
Cast: Yoo Jung, Han Yi-seul 韓藝瑟, 朴银狐, James


Green Lantern: Beware My Power: 2022 | PG-13 | 87 min | 6.901 rating
Recently discharged Marine sniper John Stewart is at a crossroads in his life, one which is only complicated by receiving an extraterrestrial ring which grants him the powers of the Green Lantern of Earth. Unfortunately, the ring doesn't come with instructions - but it does come with baggage, like a horde of interplanetary killers bent on eliminating every Green Lantern in the universe. Now, with the aid of the light-hearted Green Arrow, Adam Strange and Hawkgirl, this reluctant soldier must journey into the heart of a galactic Rann/Thanagar war and somehow succeed where all other Green Lanterns have failed.
Cast: Aldis Hodge, Jimmi Simpson, Ike Amadi, Brian Bloom, Jamie Gray Hyder


Cardcaptor Sakura: The Sealed Card: 2000 | NR | 80 min | 8.2 rating
All of the Clow Cards have been captured, and Sakura Kinomoto, the new Master of the Cards, is preparing to play the lead in the play for the town festival. However, a new evil force is causing mysterious events all over Tomoeda, including the disappearance of Sakura's cards. With Syaoran's help, Sakura must figure out the cause of these events, and save her town.
Cast: Sakura Tange, Motoko Kumai, Aya Hisakawa, Masaya Onosaka, Megumi Ogata


I Spit on Your Grave: 2010 | R | 108 min | 6.504 rating
Jennifer is a writer working on a new novel and, needing to get out of the city to finish it, hires a riverside apartment in upstate New York to finish her book—attracting the attention of a number of rowdy male locals.
Cast: Sarah Butler, Jeff Branson, Tracey Walter, Andrew Howard, Chad Lindberg


Emma: 1996 | PG | 121 min | 6.7 rating
Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people’s affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly.
Cast: Gwyneth Paltrow, Toni Collette, Alan Cumming, Ewan McGregor, Jeremy Northam


The Social Network: 2010 | PG-13 | 121 min | 7.364 rating
In 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer genius Mark Zuckerberg begins work on a new concept that eventually turns into the global social network known as Facebook. Six years later, he is one of the youngest billionaires ever, but Zuckerberg finds that his unprecedented success leads to both personal and legal complications when he ends up on the receiving end of two lawsuits, one involving his former friend.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, Max Minghella


La Dolce Vita: 1960 | NR | 176 min | 8.135 rating
Episodic journey of journalist Marcello who struggles to find his place in the world, torn between the allure of Rome's elite social scene and the stifling domesticity offered by his girlfriend, all the while searching for a way to become a serious writer.
Cast: Marcello Mastroianni, Anita Ekberg, Anouk Aimée, Yvonne Furneaux, Magali Noël


Unknown: 2011 | PG-13 | 113 min | 6.669 rating
A man awakens from a coma, only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one, (not even his wife), believes him. With the help of a young woman, he sets out to prove who he is.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Diane Kruger, January Jones, Aidan Quinn, Bruno Ganz


Dogville: 2003 | R | 178 min | 7.771 rating
A mysterious woman named Grace hides in a small mountain town from criminals who pursue her. The town is two-faced and offers to harbor Grace as long as she can make it worth their effort, so Grace works hard under the employ of various townspeople to win their favor. Tensions flare, however, and Grace's status as a helpless outsider provokes vicious contempt and abuse from the citizens of Dogville.
Cast: Nicole Kidman, Harriet Andersson, Lauren Bacall, Jean-Marc Barr, Paul Bettany


The Iron Giant: 1999 | PG | 86 min | 7.929 rating
In the small town of Rockwell, Maine in October 1957, a giant metal machine befriends a nine-year-old boy and ultimately finds its humanity by unselfishly saving people from their own fears and prejudices.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Eli Marienthal, Jennifer Aniston, Harry Connick Jr., James Gammon


Lie with Me: 2005 | NR | 93 min | 5.2 rating
Happily unattached, the sexually voracious Leila satisfies her desires with a host of rapidly changing bed partners, unconcerned about the emotional consequences. But that all changes when she meets an artist looking for a deeper commitment.
Cast: Lauren Lee Smith, Eric Balfour, Polly Shannon, Mayko Nguyen, Michael Facciolo


The Hunt: 2012 | R | 116 min | 8.1 rating
A teacher lives a lonely life, all the while struggling over his son’s custody. His life slowly gets better as he finds love and receives good news from his son, but his new luck is about to be brutally shattered by an innocent little lie.
Cast: Mads Mikkelsen, Thomas Bo Larsen, Annika Wedderkopp, Lasse Fogelstrøm, Susse Wold


El Conde: 2023 | R | 112 min | 6.3 rating
After living for over two centuries, Augusto Pinochet is a vampire ready to die… but the vultures around him won't let him go without one last bite.
Cast: Jaime Vadell, Gloria Münchmeyer, Alfredo Castro, Paula Luchsinger, Stella Gonet


Sisters: 2015 | R | 118 min | 5.944 rating
Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home.
Cast: Amy Poehler, Tina Fey, Maya Rudolph, Dianne Wiest, John Leguizamo


Alpha and Omega: 2010 | PG | 88 min | 5.9 rating
Two young wolves at opposite ends of their pack's social order are thrown together into a foreign land and need each other to return home, but love complicates everything.
Cast: Justin Long, Hayden Panettiere, Dennis Hopper, Danny Glover, Larry Miller


Let Me In: 2010 | R | 116 min | 6.772 rating
A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.  A remake of the movie “Let The Right One In” which was an adaptation of a book.
Cast: Kodi Smit-McPhee, Chloë Grace Moretz, Richard Jenkins, Elias Koteas, Sasha Barrese


Blue Jasmine: 2013 | PG-13 | 99 min | 7 rating
After experiencing a traumatic misfortune, Jasmine French, a wealthy woman from New York, moves to San Francisco to live with her foster sister Ginger and the firm purpose of getting a new life, but she will be haunted by anxiety and memories of the past.
Cast: Alec Baldwin, Cate Blanchett, Louis C.K., Bobby Cannavale, Andrew Dice Clay


Saving Mr. Banks: 2013 | PG-13 | 125 min | 7.355 rating
Author P.L. Travers looks back on her childhood while reluctantly meeting with Walt Disney, who seeks to adapt her Mary Poppins books for the big screen.
Cast: Emma Thompson, Tom Hanks, Colin Farrell, Paul Giamatti, Ruth Wilson


Love, Simon: 2018 | PG-13 | 110 min | 8.039 rating
Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online.
Cast: Nick Robinson, Jennifer Garner, Josh Duhamel, Katherine Langford, Alexandra Shipp


The Infiltrator: 2016 | R | 127 min | 6.7 rating
A U.S Customs official uncovers a massive money laundering scheme involving Pablo Escobar.
Cast: Bryan Cranston, Diane Kruger, John Leguizamo, Daniel Mays, Benjamin Bratt


The Addams Family: 2019 | PG | 86 min | 6.617 rating
The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous, greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration.
Cast: Oscar Isaac, Charlize Theron, Chloë Grace Moretz, Finn Wolfhard, Nick Kroll


Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again: 2018 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.129 rating
Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother’s hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie’s biological father.
Cast: Christine Baranski, Pierce Brosnan, Dominic Cooper, Colin Firth, Andy García


Underdogs: 2013 | PG | 106 min | 6.769 rating
In the small village where Amadeo lives there is no one good enough to challenge his skills at Table Football. But, while Amadeo may be a genius as a table football player in real life he's a loser. He's in love with Lara, his childhood friend, but he's so shy that he can't bring himself to confess his love for her. So he just hangs out in his quaint, timeless village. When Amadeo beats the village bully Flash at Table Football. The scene is set for an epic rivalry. Consumed with anger Flash vows to get even and 10 years later he returns as an International Superstar, a Football Icon and Galatico determined to wreak his revenge.
Cast: David Masajnik, Juan José Campanella, Diego Ramos, Pablo Rago, Gabriel Almirón


Chupa: 2023 | PG | 98 min | 6.44 rating
While visiting family in Mexico, a lonely boy befriends a mythical creature hiding on his grandfather's ranch and embarks on the adventure of a lifetime.
Cast: Evan Whitten, Demián Bichir, Christian Slater, Ashley Ciarra, Julio Cedillo


The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature: 2017 | PG | 91 min | 6 rating
When the evil mayor of Oakton decides to bulldoze Liberty Park and build a dangerous amusement park in its place, Surly Squirrel and his ragtag group of animal friends need to band together to save their home, defeat the mayor, and take back the park.
Cast: Will Arnett, Maya Rudolph, Bobby Cannavale, Bobby Moynihan, Isabela Merced


Footloose: 1984 | PG | 107 min | 6.666 rating
When teenager Ren and his family move from big-city Chicago to a small town in the West, he's in for a real case of culture shock after discovering he's living in a place where music and dancing are illegal.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Lori Singer, John Lithgow, Dianne Wiest, Chris Penn


Hudson Hawk: 1991 | R | 100 min | 5.654 rating
Eddie Hawkins, called Hudson Hawk has just been released from ten years of prison and is planning to spend the rest of his life honestly. But then the crazy Mayflower couple blackmail him to steal some of the works of Leonardo da Vinci. If he refuses, they threaten to kill his friend Tommy.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Danny Aiello, Andie MacDowell, James Coburn, Richard E. Grant


Camp X-Ray: 2014 | R | 117 min | 6.734 rating
A young woman joins the military to be part of something bigger than herself and her small-town roots. Instead, she ends up as a new guard at Guantanamo Bay, where her mission is far from black and white. Surrounded by hostile jihadists and aggressive squadmates, she strikes up an unusual friendship with one of the detainees.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Payman Maadi, Lane Garrison, J. J. Soria, John Carroll Lynch


100% Wolf: 2020 | PG | 96 min | 6.039 rating
Freddy Lupin, heir to a proud family line of werewolves, is in for a shock when on his 14th birthday his first 'warfing' goes awry, turning him into a ferocious poodle.  The pack elders give Freddy until the next moonrise to prove he has the heart of a wolf, or risk being cast out forever.  With the help of an unlikely ally in a streetwise stray named Batty, Freddy must prove he's 100% Wolf.
Cast: Ilai Swindells, Jai Courtney, Samara Weaving, Rhys Darby, Jane Lynch


Selma: 2014 | PG-13 | 127 min | 7.4 rating
"Selma," as in Alabama, the place where segregation in the South was at its worst, leading to a march that ended in violence, forcing a famous statement by President Lyndon B. Johnson that ultimately led to the signing of the Voting Rights Act.
Cast: David Oyelowo, Tom Wilkinson, Carmen Ejogo, Tim Roth, Oprah Winfrey


An Education: 2009 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.941 rating
Despite her sheltered upbringing, Jenny is a teen with a bright future; she's smart, pretty, and has aspirations of attending Oxford University. When David, a charming but much older suitor, motors into her life in a shiny automobile, Jenny gets a taste of adult life that she won't soon forget.
Cast: Carey Mulligan, Peter Sarsgaard, Dominic Cooper, Rosamund Pike, Olivia Williams


The Vault: 2021 | R | 114 min | 6.853 rating
Madrid, Spain, 2010. While the whole city follows the national team's successful participation in the World Cup, a group of daring thieves look for a way into one of the most secure and guarded places on the planet.
Cast: Freddie Highmore, Astrid Bergès-Frisbey, Jose Coronado, Liam Cunningham, Sam Riley


The People Under the Stairs: 1991 | R | 102 min | 6.551 rating
Poindexter "Fool" Williams, his brother Leroy, and their family face eviction from their rented home in South Central Los Angeles. Their landlords are a greedy, uncaring couple who live in a mansion that's as huge as it is eerie. Leroy has a plan to burglarize the mansion, but what the boys find inside is not what they expected.
Cast: Brandon Quintin Adams, Everett McGill, Wendy Robie, A.J. Langer, Ving Rhames


Unleashed: 2005 | R | 103 min | 6.904 rating
Raised as a slave, Danny is used to fighting for his survival. In fact, his "master," Bart, thinks of him as a pet and goes as far as leashing him with a collar so they can make money in fight clubs, where Danny is the main contender. When Bart's crew is in a car accident, Danny escapes and meets a blind, kindhearted piano tuner who takes him in and uses music to free the fighter's long-buried heart.
Cast: Jet Li, Morgan Freeman, Bob Hoskins, Kerry Condon, Vincent Regan


Rogue: 2007 | R | 99 min | 6.4 rating
When a group of tourists stumble into the remote Australian river territory of an enormous crocodile, the deadly creature traps them on a tiny mud island with the tide quickly rising and darkness descending. As the hungry predator closes in, they must fight for survival against all odds.
Cast: Radha Mitchell, Michael Vartan, Sam Worthington, Caroline Brazier, Stephen Curry


Changing Lanes: 2002 | R | 99 min | 6.265 rating
A rush-hour fender-bender on New York City's crowded FDR Drive, under most circumstances, wouldn't set off a chain reaction that could decimate two people's lives. But on this day, at this time, a minor collision will turn two complete strangers into vicious adversaries. Their means of destroying each other might be different, but their goals, ultimately, will be the same: Each will systematically try to dismantle the other's life in a reckless effort to reclaim something he has lost.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Samuel L. Jackson, Toni Collette, Sydney Pollack, William Hurt


Autumn Road: 2021 |  | 95 min | 4 rating
10 years after a young girl goes missing on Halloween night, her sister returns to their hometown to look for answers. Along the way she becomes entangled with two mysterious identical twins who run the town's roadside haunted house.
Cast: Riley Cusick, Lorelei Linklater, Justin Meeks, Lar Park Lincoln, George  Welder


Lucy Shimmers and the Prince of Peace: 2020 |  | 87 min | 8.495 rating
Second chances start when a hardened criminal crosses paths with a precocious little girl who is helped by an angel to change hearts during the holiday season.
Cast: Scarlett Diamond, Adam Hightower, Vincent Vargas, Tara Berrett, Madison Bills


Lady Bird: 2017 |  | 94 min | 7.271 rating
Lady Bird McPherson, a strong willed, deeply opinionated, artistic 17 year old comes of age in Sacramento. Her relationship with her mother and her upbringing are questioned and tested as she plans to head off to college.
Cast: Saoirse Ronan, Laurie Metcalf, Tracy Letts, Beanie Feldstein, Lucas Hedges


Ghost Graduation: 2012 | NR | 88 min | 6.618 rating
A teacher with paranormal abilities helps a group of ghosts graduate high school.
Cast: Raúl Arévalo, Alexandra Jiménez, Aura Garrido, Andrea Duro, Àlex Maruny


The Witch: Part 1. The Subversion: 2018 | NR | 125 min | 7.873 rating
Ja-yoon is a high school student who struggles with memory loss after she endured some unknown trauma during her childhood. While trying to uncover the truth, she is unwittingly dragged into a world of crime and finds herself on a journey that will awaken many secrets hidden deep within.
Cast: Kim Da-mi, Cho Min-soo, Park Hee-soon, Choi Woo-shik, Go Min-si


A Christmas Carol: 1938 | NR | 69 min | 7 rating
Classic Charles Dickens holiday tale of Ebenezer Scrooge, the miser's miser who has a huge change of heart after spirits whisk him into the past, present, and future.
Cast: Reginald Owen, Gene Lockhart, Terry Kilburn, Barry MacKay, Lynne Carver


The Warrior's Way: 2010 | R | 100 min | 6.5 rating
A warrior-assassin is forced to hide in a small town in the American Badlands after refusing a mission.
Cast: Jang Dong-gun, Kate Bosworth, Geoffrey Rush, Danny Huston, Ti Lung


Frontera: 2014 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.5 rating
After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff’s wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel’s pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department’s investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife’s death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family’s future, or tear another’s apart.
Cast: Ed Harris, Eva Longoria, Michael Peña, Amy Madigan, Kristen Rakes


Kangaroo Jack: 2003 | PG | 89 min | 5.3 rating
Two childhood friends — a New York hairstylist and a wanna-be musician — get mixed-up with the mob and are forced to deliver $50,000 to Australia, but things go all wrong when the money is lost to a wild kangaroo.
Cast: Jerry O'Connell, Anthony Anderson, Estella Warren, Christopher Walken, Michael Shannon


The Bronze: 2016 | R | 108 min | 6.1 rating
In 2004, Hope Ann Greggory became an American hero after winning the bronze medal for the women's gymnastics team. Today, she's still living in her small hometown, washed-up and embittered. Stuck in the past, Hope must reassess her life when a promising young gymnast threatens her local celebrity status.
Cast: Melissa Rauch, Gary Cole, Thomas Middleditch, Sebastian Stan, Cecily Strong


Underworld: 2003 | R | 122 min | 6.812 rating
Vampires and werewolves have waged a nocturnal war against each other for centuries. But all bets are off when a female vampire warrior named Selene, who's famous for her strength and werewolf-hunting prowess, becomes smitten with a peace-loving male werewolf, Michael, who wants to end the war.
Cast: Kate Beckinsale, Scott Speedman, Michael Sheen, Shane Brolly, Bill Nighy


Dragon Ball Z: The Return of Cooler: 1992 | NR | 46 min | 6.472 rating
Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Toshio Furukawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Ryou Horikawa, Kōhei Miyauchi


Step Up 3D: 2010 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.8 rating
A tight-knit group of New York City street dancers, including Luke and Natalie, team up with NYU freshman Moose, and find themselves pitted against the world's best hip hop dancers in a high-stakes showdown that will change their lives forever.
Cast: Rick Malambri, Adam Sevani, Joe Slaughter, Sharni Vinson, Alyson Stoner


Dead Poets Society: 1989 | PG | 128 min | 8.313 rating
At an elite, old-fashioned boarding school in New England, a passionate English teacher inspires his students to rebel against convention and seize the potential of every day, courting the disdain of the stern headmaster.
Cast: Robin Williams, Ethan Hawke, Robert Sean Leonard, Gale Hansen, Josh Charles


Monty Python's The Meaning of Life: 1983 | R | 107 min | 7.3 rating
Life's questions are 'answered' in a series of outrageous vignettes, beginning with a staid London insurance company which transforms before our eyes into a pirate ship. Then there's the National Health doctors who try to claim a healthy liver from a still-living donor. The world's most voracious glutton brings the art of vomiting to new heights before his spectacular demise.
Cast: Terry Gilliam, Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Jones


If Only: 2004 | PG-13 | 92 min | 7 rating
After his impetuous musician girlfriend, Samantha, dies in an accident shortly after they had a fight (and nearly broke up), a grief-stricken British businessman, Ian Wyndham, living in London gets a chance to relive the day all over again, in the hope of changing the events that led up to her getting killed.
Cast: Jennifer Love Hewitt, Paul Nicholls, Tom Wilkinson, Diana Hardcastle, Lucy Davenport


Locked Down: 2021 | R | 118 min | 5.3 rating
During a COVID-19 lockdown, sparring couple Linda and Paxton call a truce to attempt a high-risk jewellery heist at one of the world's most exclusive department stores, Harrods.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Stephen Merchant, Dulé Hill, Jazmyn Simon


Final Destination 2: 2003 | R | 90 min | 6.227 rating
When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway, keeping a few others meant to die, safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next.
Cast: A.J. Cook, Ali Larter, Michael Landes, Terrence 'T.C.' Carson, Jonathan Cherry


Super: 2010 | R | 96 min | 6.587 rating
After his wife falls under the influence of a drug dealer, an everyday guy transforms himself into Crimson Bolt, a superhero with the best intentions, though he lacks for heroic skills.
Cast: Rainn Wilson, Elliot Page, Liv Tyler, Kevin Bacon, Gregg Henry


Mainstream: 2021 | R | 95 min | 6.354 rating
A young woman thinks she’s found a path to internet stardom when she starts making YouTube videos with a charismatic stranger  – until the dark side of viral celebrity threatens to ruin them both.
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Maya Hawke, Nat Wolff, Jason Schwartzman, Johnny Knoxville


Rumble in the Bronx: 1995 | R | 104 min | 6.817 rating
Keong comes from Hong Kong to visit New York for his uncle's wedding. His uncle runs a market in the Bronx and Keong offers to help out while Uncle is on his honeymoon. During his stay in the Bronx, Keong befriends a neighbor kid and beats up some neighborhood thugs who cause problems at the market. One of those petty thugs in the local gang stumbles into a criminal situation way over his head.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Anita Mui, Bill Tung, Françoise Yip, Wakin Chau


Better Watch Out: 2017 | R | 89 min | 6.7 rating
On a quiet suburban street tucked within a 'safe neighborhood', a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from strangers breaking into the house, only to discover that this is far from a normal home invasion.
Cast: Olivia DeJonge, Levi Miller, Ed Oxenbould, Aleks Mikic, Dacre Montgomery


Being There: 1979 | PG | 130 min | 7.598 rating
A simple-minded gardener named Chance has spent all his life in the Washington D.C. house of an old man. When the man dies, Chance is put out on the street with no knowledge of the world except what he has learned from television.
Cast: Peter Sellers, Shirley MacLaine, Melvyn Douglas, Jack Warden, Richard Dysart


I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry: 2007 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6 rating
Firefighters Chuck Ford and Larry Valentine are guy's guys, loyal to the core—which is why when widower Larry asks Chuck to pose as his lover so that he can get domestic partner benefits for his kids, his buddy agrees. However, things get dicey when a bureaucrat comes calling, and the boys are forced to present a picture of domestic bliss.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Jessica Biel, Dan Aykroyd, Ving Rhames


The Mechanic: 2011 | R | 93 min | 6.496 rating
Arthur Bishop is a 'mechanic' - an elite assassin with a strict code and unique talent for cleanly eliminating targets. It's a job that requires professional perfection and total detachment, and Bishop is the best in the business. But when he is ordered to take out his mentor and close friend Harry, Bishop is anything but detached.
Cast: Jason Statham, Ben Foster, Donald Sutherland, Mini Anden, Tony Goldwyn


Skinwalkers: 2006 | R | 110 min | 5.1 rating
Creatures, bound by the blood of the wolf, that can kill with curses and move at lightening speed, watching the night sky for the rise of the blood-red crescent moon. They are SKINWALKERS. They feed on our flesh and thirst for the taste of human blood. The red moon signals each pack, divided by principles, hell bent to survive an ancient prophecy.
Cast: Jason Behr, Elias Koteas, Rhona Mitra, Natassia Malthe, Kim Coates


Heavyweights: 1995 | PG | 100 min | 6.133 rating
Camp Hope is a summer retreat for overweight boys run by a kindly couple who make the campers feel comfortable with their extra pounds. But when tyrannical fitness guru Tony buys the camp, he puts the kids on a cruel regimen that goes too far. Sick of the endless weeks of "all work and no play," the kids stage a coup and reclaim their summer of fun.
Cast: Tom McGowan, Aaron Schwartz, Shaun Weiss, Tom Hodges, Leah Lail


Flightplan: 2005 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.5 rating
Flying at 40,000 feet in a state-of-the art aircraft that she helped design, Kyle Pratt's 6-year-old daughter Julia vanishes without a trace. Or did she? No one on the plane believes Julia was ever onboard. And now Kyle, desperate and alone, can only count on her own wits to unravel the mystery and save her daughter.
Cast: Jodie Foster, Peter Sarsgaard, Erika Christensen, Kate Beahan, Greta Scacchi


Fullmetal Alchemist: The Final Alchemy: 2022 | PG-13 | 143 min | 6.312 rating
The Elric brothers’ long and winding journey comes to a close in this epic finale, where they must face off against an unworldly, nationwide threat.
Cast: Ryosuke Yamada, Atomu Mizuishi, Tsubasa Honda, Dean Fujioka, Misako Renbutsu


Punch-Drunk Love: 2002 | R | 96 min | 7.138 rating
A socially awkward and volatile small business owner meets the love of his life after being threatened by a gang of scammers.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Emily Watson, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Luis Guzmán, Mary Lynn Rajskub


King Kong vs. Godzilla: 1962 | NR | 97 min | 6.8 rating
The advertising director of Pacific Pharmaceuticals, frustrated with the low ratings of their sponsored TV program, seeks a more sensationalist approach. He orders his staff to Faro Island to capture King Kong for exploitation. As Godzilla re-emerges, a media frenzy generates with Pacific looking to capitalize off of the ultimate battle.
Cast: Tadao Takashima, Kenji Sahara, Yū Fujiki, Ichirō Arishima, Jun Tazaki


Hitman's Wife's Bodyguard: 2021 | R | 117 min | 6.716 rating
The world’s most lethal odd couple – bodyguard Michael Bryce and hitman Darius Kincaid – are back on another life-threatening mission. Still unlicensed and under scrutiny, Bryce is forced into action by Darius's even more volatile wife, the infamous international con artist Sonia Kincaid. As Bryce is driven over the edge by his two most dangerous protectees, the trio get in over their heads in a global plot and soon find that they are all that stand between Europe and a vengeful and powerful madman.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Samuel L. Jackson, Salma Hayek Pinault, Antonio Banderas, Morgan Freeman


American Beauty: 1999 | R | 122 min | 8.02 rating
Lester Burnham, a depressed suburban father in a mid-life crisis, decides to turn his hectic life around after developing an infatuation with his daughter's attractive friend.
Cast: Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari


Blood Vessel: 2023 |  | 118 min | 7.308 rating
Brought together by chance, six people fleeing a town devastated by oil pollution stow away on a mysterious ship — not realizing the dangers that await.
Cast: David Ezekiel, Dibor Adaobi, Jidekene Achufusi, Slyvester Ekanem, Alex Budin


Pokémon the Movie: Kyurem vs. the Sword of Justice: 2012 | G | 71 min | 6.4 rating
Ash and his two friends Iris and Cilan help a Keldeo battle against a powerful Dragon-type Pokémon named Kyurem its his test to become a Sacred Swordsman.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Aoi Yuki, Minami Tsuda, Mamoru Miyano


Trainwreck: 2015 | R | 125 min | 5.791 rating
Having thought that monogamy was never possible, a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy.
Cast: Amy Schumer, Bill Hader, Brie Larson, Colin Quinn, John Cena


The Greatest Story Ever Told: 1965 | G | 199 min | 6.416 rating
From his birth in Bethlehem to his death and eventual resurrection, the life of Jesus Christ is given the all-star treatment in this epic retelling. Major aspects of Christ's life are touched upon, including the execution of all the newborn males in Egypt by King Herod; Christ's baptism by John the Baptist; and the betrayal by Judas after the Last Supper that eventually leads to Christ's crucifixion and miraculous return.
Cast: Max von Sydow, Michael Anderson Jr., Carroll Baker, Ina Balin, Victor Buono


Frances Ha: 2013 | R | 86 min | 7.417 rating
An aspiring dancer moves to New York City and becomes caught up in a whirlwind of flighty fair-weather friends, diminishing fortunes and career setbacks.
Cast: Greta Gerwig, Mickey Sumner, Michael Zegen, Adam Driver, Charlotte d'Amboise


Ambush: 2023 | R | 104 min | 6.549 rating
When a small outpost is ambushed, a US Army squad must take the battle below ground on a high-stakes mission in a new type of warfare the likes of which they have never seen.
Cast: Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Connor Paolo, Aaron Eckhart, Mara Lane, Patrick Walker


Serpico: 1973 | R | 130 min | 7.544 rating
Frank Serpico is an idealistic New York City cop who refuses to take bribes, unlike the rest of the force. His actions get Frank shunned by the other officers, and often placed in dangerous situations by his partners. When his superiors ignore Frank's accusations of corruption, he decides to go public with the allegations. Although this causes the Knapp Commission to investigate his claims, Frank has also placed a target on himself.
Cast: Al Pacino, John Randolph, Jack Kehoe, Biff McGuire, Barbara Eda-Young


Addicted: 2014 | R | 105 min | 5.8 rating
A gallerist risks her family and flourishing career when she enters into an affair with a talented painter and slowly loses control of her life.
Cast: Boris Kodjoe, Brandon Gonzales, Cameron Mills, Emayatzy Corinealdi, Garrett Hines


Joy Ride: 2001 | R | 97 min | 6.487 rating
Three young people on a road trip from Colorado to New Jersey talk to a trucker on their CB radio, then must escape when he turns out to be a psychotic killer.
Cast: Paul Walker, Steve Zahn, Leelee Sobieski, Michael McCleery, Dell Yount


Fever Pitch: 2005 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.202 rating
Lindsay is stuck in the middle of her relationship with Ben and his passion for the Boston Red Sox.
Cast: Drew Barrymore, Jimmy Fallon, Jason Spevack, Jack Kehler, Maureen Keiller


Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd: 2003 | PG-13 | 85 min | 4.2 rating
This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained Harry and Lloyd's days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school, where the unprincipled principal puts the pair in remedial courses as part of a scheme to fleece the school.
Cast: Derek Richardson, Eric Christian Olsen, Mimi Rogers, Luis Guzmán, Rachel Nichols


Step Up: 2006 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.88 rating
Tyler Gage receives the opportunity of a lifetime after vandalizing a performing arts school, gaining him the chance to earn a scholarship and dance with an up and coming dancer, Nora.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Jenna Dewan, Damaine Radcliff, Rachel Griffiths, Deirdre Lovejoy


Seed of Chucky: 2004 | R | 87 min | 5.439 rating
This time around, Chucky and his homicidal honey, Tiffany, are brought back to life by their orphan offspring, Glen. Then the horror goes Hollywood as Chucky unleashes his own brand of murderous mayhem!
Cast: Brad Dourif, Jennifer Tilly, Billy Boyd, Redman, Hannah Spearritt


Little Monsters: 2019 |  | 94 min | 6.57 rating
A washed-up musician teams up with a teacher and a kids show personality to protect young children from a sudden outbreak of zombies.
Cast: Lupita Nyong'o, Alexander England, Josh Gad, Diesel La Torraca, Kat Stewart


Hart's War: 2002 | R | 125 min | 6.378 rating
When Col. William McNamara is stripped of his freedom in a German POW camp, he's determined to keep on fighting even from behind enemy lines. Enlisting the help of a young lieutenant in a brilliant plot against his captors, McNamara risks everything on a mission to free his men and change the outcome of the war.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Bruce Willis, Terrence Howard, Marcel Iureș, Cole Hauser


Striptease: 1996 | R | 115 min | 5.542 rating
Bounced from her job, Erin Grant needs money if she's to have any chance of winning back custody of her child. But, eventually, she must confront the naked truth: to take on the system, she'll have to take it all off. Erin strips to conquer, but she faces unintended circumstances when a hound dog of a Congressman zeroes in on her and sharpens the shady tools at his fingertips, including blackmail and murder.
Cast: Demi Moore, Burt Reynolds, Armand Assante, Ving Rhames, Robert Patrick


Ladder 49: 2004 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.393 rating
Under the watchful eye of his mentor, Captain Mike Kennedy, probationary firefighter Jack Morrison matures into a seasoned veteran at a Baltimore fire station. However, Jack has reached a crossroads  as the sacrifices he's made have put him in harm's way innumerable times and significantly impacted his relationship with his wife and kids.
Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, John Travolta, Jacinda Barrett, Robert Patrick, Morris Chestnut


Second Act: 2018 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.368 rating
Maya, a 40-year-old woman struggling with frustrations from unfulfilled dreams. Until that is, she gets the chance to prove to Madison Avenue that street smarts are as valuable as book smarts, and that it is never too late for a second act.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Vanessa Hudgens, Leah Remini, Milo Ventimiglia, Treat Williams


Firewall: 2006 | PG-13 | 105 min | 5.8 rating
State-of-the-art security system creator, Jack Stanfield has cemented his reputation as a man who's thought of everything. But when a criminal finds a way into Jack's personal life, everything Jack holds dear is suddenly at stake.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Paul Bettany, Virginia Madsen, Carly Schroeder, Jimmy Bennett


The Ritual: 2017 | R | 94 min | 6.223 rating
A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them.
Cast: Rafe Spall, Arsher Ali, Robert James-Collier, Sam Troughton, Paul Reid


Maneater: 2022 | R | 86 min | 4.4 rating
A group of friends on vacation in a seeming island paradise are stalked by an unrelenting great white after an accident leaves them stranded and left for dead.
Cast: Nicky Whelan, Trace Adkins, Jeff Fahey, Shane West, Branscombe Richmond


Chef: 2014 |  | 114 min | 7.122 rating
When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at a prominent Los Angeles restaurant after refusing to compromise his creative integrity for its controlling owner, he is left to figure out what's next. Finding himself in Miami, he teams up with his ex-wife, his friend and his son to launch a food truck. Taking to the road, Chef Carl goes back to his roots to reignite his passion for the kitchen -- and zest for life and love.
Cast: Jon Favreau, Sofía Vergara, Emjay Anthony, John Leguizamo, Scarlett Johansson


Amityville: The Awakening: 2017 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.3 rating
Belle, her little sister, and her comatose twin brother move into a new house with their single mother Joan in order to save money to help pay for her brother's expensive healthcare. But when strange phenomena begin to occur in the house including the miraculous recovery of her brother, Belle begins to suspect her Mother isn't telling her everything and soon realizes they just moved into the infamous Amityville house.
Cast: Bella Thorne, Cameron Monaghan, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Thomas Mann, Jennifer Morrison


Wolfwalkers: 2020 | PG | 103 min | 8.232 rating
In a time of superstition and magic, when wolves are seen as demonic and nature an evil to be tamed, a young apprentice hunter comes to Ireland with her father to wipe out the last pack. But when she saves a wild native girl, their friendship leads her to discover the world of the Wolfwalkers and transform her into the very thing her father is tasked to destroy.
Cast: Honor Kneafsey, Eva Whittaker, Sean Bean, Simon McBurney, Tommy Tiernan


The 355: 2022 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.109 rating
A group of top female agents from American, British, Chinese, Colombian, and German government agencies are drawn together to try and stop an organization from acquiring a deadly weapon to send the world into chaos.
Cast: Jessica Chastain, Lupita Nyong'o, Penélope Cruz, Diane Kruger, Fan Bingbing


A Thousand Words: 2012 | PG-13 | 91 min | 6.088 rating
Jack McCall is a fast-talking literary agent, who can close any deal, any time, any way. He has set his sights on New Age guru Dr. Sinja for his own selfish purposes. But Dr. Sinja is on to him, and Jack’s life comes unglued after a magical Bodhi tree mysteriously appears in his backyard. With every word Jack speaks, a leaf falls from the tree and he realizes that when the last leaf falls, both he and the tree are toast. Words have never failed Jack McCall, but now he’s got to stop talking and conjure up some outrageous ways to communicate or he’s a goner.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Kerry Washington, Cliff Curtis, Clark Duke, Allison Janney


Barbie as Rapunzel: 2002 | G | 84 min | 7.009 rating
Long, long ago, in a time of magic and dragons, there lived a girl named Rapunzel who had the most beautiful radiant hair the world had ever seen. But Rapunzel's life was far from wonderful. She lived as a servant to Gothel, a jealous, scheming witch who kept her hidden deep in a forbidding forest, guarded by the enormous dragon Hugo and surrounded by an enchanted glass wall. However, in a twist of fate, Rapunzel's discovery of a magic paintbrush leads her on a journey that will unravel a web of deception, bring peace to two feuding kingdoms, and ultimately lead her to love with the help of Penelope(TM), the least intimidating of dragons!
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Anjelica Huston, Cree Summer, Ian James Corlett, Mark Hildreth


Trick or Treat Scooby-Doo!: 2022 | G | 78 min | 7.1 rating
Mystery Inc. has cracked the case to top all cases! They’ve tracked down Coco Diablo, the head of a notorious costume crime syndicate. With Coco and her kitty in prison, Mystery Inc. thinks that they can finally enjoy a break. Wrong! Suddenly, menacing doppelgänger ghosts of the Scooby crew and favorite classic foes show up in Coolsville to threaten Halloween. Now it’s up to the meddling kids to unmask the latest scoundrel and save Halloween!
Cast: Frank Welker, Grey DeLisle, Matthew Lillard, Kate Micucci, Myrna Velasco


The Outlaws: 2017 | NR | 121 min | 7.8 rating
In Chinatown, law and order is turned upside down when a trio of feral Chinese gangsters arrive, start terrorizing civilians, and usurping territory. The beleaguered local gangsters team up with the police, lead by the badass loose cannon Ma Seok-do, to bring them down. Based on a true story.
Cast: Ma Dong-seok, Yoon Kye-sang, Jo Jae-yun, Choi Gwi-hwa, Lim Hyung-jun


Speed 2: Cruise Control: 1997 | PG-13 | 125 min | 4.571 rating
A disgruntled former employee hijacks the Seabourn Legend cruise liner. Set on a fixed course, without any means of communication and at the mercy of the hijacker, it's up to the one cop on vacation, and his soon to be fiancé (hopefully) Annie, to regain control of it before it kills the passengers and causes an environmental disaster. Insurmountable and daunting tasks awaits them on their  perilous journey throughout the ship trying to fend off the hijacker and save the passengers.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Jason Patric, Willem Dafoe, Temuera Morrison, Brian McCardie


Newness: 2017 |  | 112 min | 6.1 rating
In contemporary Los Angeles, two millennials navigating a social media–driven hookup culture begin a relationship that pushes both emotional and physical boundaries.
Cast: Nicholas Hoult, Laia Costa, Danny Huston, Courtney Eaton, Matthew Gray Gubler


Cabin Fever: 2003 |  | 98 min | 5.7 rating
A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals.
Cast: Rider Strong, Jordan Ladd, Cerina Vincent, Giuseppe Andrews, James DeBello


Moonrise Kingdom: 2012 | PG-13 | 94 min | 7.688 rating
Set on an island off the coast of New England in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom tells the story of two twelve-year-olds who fall in love, make a secret pact, and run away together into the wilderness. As various authorities try to hunt them down, a violent storm is brewing off-shore – and the peaceful island community is turned upside down in more ways than anyone can handle.
Cast: Jared Gilman, Kara Hayward, Bruce Willis, Edward Norton, Bill Murray


The Commando: 2022 | R | 93 min | 5.9 rating
An elite DEA agent returns home after a failed mission when his family makes an unexpected discovery in their house – a stash of money worth $3 million. They soon face the danger and threat of a newly released criminal and his crew, who will do whatever it takes to retrieve the money, including kidnap the agent’s daughters. Stakes are high and lives are at risk in this head-to-head battle as the agent stops at nothing to protect his family against the money-hungry criminals.
Cast: Michael Jai White, Mickey Rourke, Jeff Fahey, Brendan Fehr, Aris Mejias


Highlander: 1986 | R | 116 min | 6.889 rating
He fought his first battle on the Scottish Highlands in 1536. He will fight his greatest battle on the streets of New York City in 1986. His name is Connor MacLeod. He is immortal.
Cast: Christophe Lambert, Roxanne Hart, Clancy Brown, Sean Connery, Beatie Edney


Spaceballs: 1987 | PG | 96 min | 6.8 rating
When the nefarious Dark Helmet hatches a plan to snatch Princess Vespa and steal her planet's air, space-bum-for-hire Lone Starr and his clueless sidekick fly to the rescue. Along the way, they meet Yogurt, who puts Lone Starr wise to the power of "The Schwartz." Can he master it in time to save the day?
Cast: Bill Pullman, Rick Moranis, Mel Brooks, Daphne Zuniga, John Candy


Surf's Up: 2007 | PG | 85 min | 6.4 rating
A young surfer enters his first contest, hoping a win will earn him respect. But an encounter with a laid-back local forces him to rethink his values.
Cast: Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Jon Heder, Zooey Deschanel, James Woods


Batman vs Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: 2019 | PG-13 | 87 min | 7.132 rating
Batman, Batgirl and Robin forge an alliance with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to fight against the Turtles' sworn enemy, The Shredder, who has apparently teamed up with Ra's Al Ghul and The League of Assassins.
Cast: Troy Baker, Eric Bauza, Darren Criss, Kyle Mooney, Baron Vaughn


Max Steel: 2016 | PG-13 | 92 min | 5.612 rating
The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and alien companion Steel, who must harness and combine their tremendous new powers to evolve into the turbo-charged superhero Max Steel.
Cast: Ben Winchell, Josh Brener, Ana Villafañe, Andy García, Maria Bello


Return to Oz: 1985 | PG | 109 min | 6.7 rating
Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, finds herself back in the land of her dreams, and makes delightful new friends, and dangerous new enemies.
Cast: Fairuza Balk, Nicol Williamson, Jean Marsh, Piper Laurie, Matt Clark


Honor Society: 2022 | R | 97 min | 7.7 rating
Honor is an ambitious high school senior whose sole focus is getting into Harvard, assuming she can first score the coveted recommendation from her guidance counselor, Mr. Calvin. Willing to do whatever it takes, Honor concocts a Machiavellian-like plan to take down her top three student competitors, until things take a turn when she unexpectedly falls for her biggest competition, Michael.
Cast: Angourie Rice, Gaten Matarazzo, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Armani Jackson, Amy Keum


Orca: 1977 | PG | 95 min | 6.136 rating
After witnessing the killing of his mate and offspring at the hands of a reckless Irish captain, a vengeful killer whale rampages through the fisherman's Newfoundland harbor. Under pressure from the villagers, the captain, a female marine biologist and an Indigenous tribalist venture after the great beast, who will meet them on its own turf.
Cast: Richard Harris, Charlotte Rampling, Will Sampson, Bo Derek, Keenan Wynn


Fireworks: 2017 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.6 rating
Moshimo, Japan. The annual fireworks festival is about to take place and a group of schoolboys, arguing over whether they are round or flat when viewed from different angles, set out to find it out.
Cast: Suzu Hirose, Masaki Suda, Mamoru Miyano, Shintaro Asanuma, Toshiyuki Toyonaga


Colors: 1988 | R | 120 min | 6.5 rating
A confident young cop is shown the ropes by a veteran partner in the dangerous gang-controlled barrios of Los Angeles, where the gang culture is enforced by the colors the members wear.
Cast: Sean Penn, Robert Duvall, María Conchita Alonso, Randy Brooks, Grand L. Bush


Pretty Baby: 1978 | R | 110 min | 7.005 rating
Hattie, a New Orleans prostitute, meets a photographer named Bellocq at her brothel one night and, after he photographs her, he befriends her 12-year-old daughter, Violet. When Violet is brought on as a working girl by her mother's madam and Hattie skips town to get married, Violet quickly loses her innocence and focuses on reuniting with Bellocq. But a life with Bellocq is compromised for Violet after her mother returns to town.
Cast: Brooke Shields, Keith Carradine, Susan Sarandon, Frances Faye, Antonio Fargas


Desperado: 1995 | R | 104 min | 6.922 rating
Mariachi plunges headfirst into the dark border underworld when he follows a trail of blood to the last of the infamous Mexican drug lords, Bucho, for an action-packed, bullet-riddled showdown. With the help of his best friend and a beautiful bookstore owner, the Mariachi tracks Bucho, takes on his army of desperados, and leaves a trail of blood of his own.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek Pinault, Joaquim de Almeida, Steve Buscemi, Cheech Marin


Free Willy 3: The Rescue: 1997 | PG | 86 min | 6.2 rating
Willy the whale is back, this time threatened by illegal whalers making money off sushi. Jesse, now 16, has taken a job on an orca-researching ship, along with old friend Randolph and a sarcastic scientist, Drew. On the whaler's ship is captain John Wesley and his son, Max, who isn't really pleased about his father's job, but doesn't have the gut to say so. Along the way, Willy reunites with Jesse
Cast: Jason James Richter, August Schellenberg, Annie Corley, Vincent Berry, Patrick Kilpatrick


A Perfect Ending: 2012 | NR | 110 min | 6.179 rating
This intimate drama follows Rebecca, a woman who has kept her sexuality a secret from her friends but chooses to reveal it to a stranger. While Rebecca's revelations may not yield the results she expects, a perfect ending is still in reach.
Cast: Barbara Niven, Jessica Clark, John Heard, Morgan Fairchild, Rebecca Staab


Female War: A Nasty Deal: 2015 | NR | 110 min | 4.5 rating
Painter Ha-rim became blind due to an unfortunate accident. His wife Sun-yeong searches far and low for a cornea donor until she meets terminal cancer patient Dae-geun. These two make a startling and dangerous deal for Ha-rim's cornea.
Cast: Kim Sun-young, Dong Bang-woo, Lee Se-chang, Jung Seo-yoon, Lee Sung-jae


Brotherhood of the Wolf: 2001 | R | 143 min | 6.72 rating
In 18th century France, the Chevalier de Fronsac and his Native American friend Mani are sent by the King to the Gevaudan province to investigate the killings of hundreds by a mysterious beast.
Cast: Samuel Le Bihan, Vincent Cassel, Émilie Dequenne, Monica Bellucci, Jérémie Renier


Mojave Diamonds: 2023 | R | 100 min | 4.8 rating
A former MMA fighter and his brothers must rescue their kidnapped family from a dangerous crime syndicate after $50M of illegal diamonds gets stolen.
Cast: Donald Cerrone, Chael Sonnen, Quinton Jackson, Weston Cage Coppola, Chris Maher


Ice Princess: 2005 | G | 98 min | 6.382 rating
With the help of her coach, her mom, and the boy who drives the Zamboni machine, nothing can stop Casey from realizing her dream to be a champion figure skater.
Cast: Michelle Trachtenberg, Joan Cusack, Amy Stewart, Steve Ross, Hayden Panettiere


Heaven's Gate: 1980 | R | 217 min | 6.8 rating
Harvard graduate James Averill is the sheriff of prosperous Jackson County, Wyo., when a battle erupts between the area's poverty-stricken immigrants and its wealthy cattle farmers. The politically connected ranch owners fight the immigrants with the help of Nathan Champion, a mercenary competing with Averill for the love of local madam Ella Watson. As the struggle escalates, Averill and Champion begin to question their decisions.
Cast: Kris Kristofferson, Christopher Walken, John Hurt, Sam Waterston, Brad Dourif


Firewalker: 1986 | PG | 104 min | 5.2 rating
A pair of adventurers try to track down an ancient Aztec/Mayan/Egyptian/Apache horde of gold.
Cast: Chuck Norris, Louis Gossett Jr., Melody Anderson, Will Sampson, Sonny Landham


Over the Top: 1987 | PG | 93 min | 6.385 rating
Sylvester Stallone stars as hard-luck big-rig trucker Lincoln Hawk and takes us under the glaring Las Vegas lights for all the boisterous action of the World Armwrestling Championship.  Relying on wits and willpower, Hawk tries to rebuild his life by capturing the first-place prize money, and the love of the son he abandoned years earlier into the keeping of his rich, ruthless father-in-law.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Robert Loggia, Susan Blakely, Rick Zumwalt, David Mendenhall


Camp Rock: 2008 | G | 95 min | 6.422 rating
When Mitchie gets a chance to attend Camp Rock, her life takes an unpredictable twist, and she learns just how important it is to be true to yourself.
Cast: Demi Lovato, Joe Jonas, Meaghan Jette Martin, Maria Canals-Barrera, Daniel Fathers


Ghost Town: 2008 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.523 rating
Bertram Pincus, a cranky, people-hating Manhattan dentist, develops the unwelcome ability to see dead people. Really annoying dead people. Even worse, they all want something from him, particularly Frank Herlihy, a smooth-talking ghost, who pesters him into a romantic scheme involving his widow Gwen. They are soon entangled in a hilarious predicament between the now and the hereafter!
Cast: Ricky Gervais, Greg Kinnear, Téa Leoni, Billy Campbell, Aasif Mandvi


Acts of Vengeance: 2017 | R | 87 min | 5.919 rating
A fast-talking lawyer transforms his body and takes a vow of silence, not to be broken until he finds out who killed his wife and daughter and has his revenge.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Karl Urban, Paz Vega, Robert Forster, Cristina Serafini


Mixed Nuts: 1994 | PG-13 | 97 min | 5.5 rating
The events of a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays.
Cast: Steve Martin, Madeline Kahn, Robert Klein, Anthony LaPaglia, Juliette Lewis


Around the World in Eighty Days: 1956 | G | 182 min | 6.657 rating
Based on the famous book by Jules Verne the movie follows Phileas Fogg on his journey around the world. Which has to be completed within 80 days, a very short period for those days.
Cast: David Niven, Cantinflas, Finlay Currie, Robert Morley, Charles Boyer


Magnolia: 1999 | R | 189 min | 7.732 rating
An epic mosaic of many interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley.
Cast: Philip Baker Hall, Jeremy Blackman, Tom Cruise, Philip Seymour Hoffman, William H. Macy


Bridge of Spies: 2015 | PG-13 | 141 min | 7.227 rating
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union captures U.S. pilot Francis Gary Powers after shooting down his U-2 spy plane. Sentenced to 10 years in prison, Powers' only hope is New York lawyer James Donovan, recruited by a CIA operative to negotiate his release. Donovan boards a plane to Berlin, hoping to win the young man's freedom through a prisoner exchange. If all goes well, the Russians would get Rudolf Abel, the convicted spy who Donovan defended in court.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Mark Rylance, Amy Ryan, Alan Alda, Sebastian Koch


Beverly Hills Ninja: 1997 | PG-13 | 88 min | 5.6 rating
Haru, an orphaned American who washes ashore in Japan and is mistaken for the great White Ninja of legend. Raised among the finest Ninjas, Haru grows strong and big - very big. With the grace of all Three Stooges rolled into one body, Haru is an embarrassment to his clan. But when a beautiful blonde pleads for his help, Haru is given one dangerous, disastrously funny chance to prove himself.
Cast: Chris Farley, Nicollette Sheridan, Robin Shou, Nathaniel Parker, Chris Rock


2010: 1984 | PG | 116 min | 6.6 rating
While planet Earth poises on the brink of nuclear self-destruction, a team of Russian and American scientists aboard the Leonov hurtles to a rendezvous with the still-orbiting Discovery spacecraft and its sole known survivor, the homicidal computer HAL.
Cast: Roy Scheider, John Lithgow, Helen Mirren, Bob Balaban, Keir Dullea


Match Point: 2005 | R | 124 min | 7.357 rating
Chris, a former tennis player, looks for work as an instructor. He meets Tom Hewett, a wealthy young man whose sister Chloe fall in love with Chris. But Chris has his eye on Tom's fiancee Nola.
Cast: Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Scarlett Johansson, Emily Mortimer, Brian Cox, Penelope Wilton


Hard Target 2: 2016 |  | 104 min | 6 rating
Forced into a deadly cat-and-mouse game, a disgraced mixed martial arts fighter is hunted through the jungles of Southeast Asia.
Cast: Scott Adkins, Rhona Mitra, Robert Knepper, Temuera Morrison, Ann Truong


American Carnage: 2022 | R | 101 min | 6.044 rating
After a governor issues an executive order to arrest the children of undocumented immigrants, the detained youth are offered an opportunity to have their charges dropped by volunteering to provide care to the elderly. Once inside the elder care facility, however, they discover more twisted secrets than they could have possibly imagined.
Cast: Jorge Lendeborg Jr., Jenna Ortega, Allen Maldonado, Yumarie Morales, Jorge Diaz


L.A. Confidential: 1997 | R | 138 min | 7.785 rating
Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, Kevin Spacey, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito


The Butterfly Effect: 2004 | R | 113 min | 7.562 rating
A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past, to occupy his childhood body and change history. However, he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences.
Cast: Ashton Kutcher, Amy Smart, Eric Stoltz, Melora Walters, Ethan Suplee


Critters: 1986 | PG-13 | 86 min | 6.388 rating
A massive ball of furry creatures from another world eat their way through a small mid-western town followed by intergalactic bounty hunters opposed only by militant townspeople.
Cast: Dee Wallace, M. Emmet Walsh, Billy Green Bush, Scott Grimes, Nadine Van der Velde


Home Alone: The Holiday Heist: 2012 | PG | 87 min | 5.233 rating
8-year-old Finn is terrified to learn his family is relocating from sunny California to Maine in the scariest house he has ever seen! Convinced that his new house is haunted, Finn sets up a series of elaborate traps to catch the “ghost” in action. Left home alone with his sister while their parents are stranded across town, Finn’s traps catch a new target – a group of thieves who have targeted Finn’s house.
Cast: Christian Martyn, Eddie Steeples, Jodelle Ferland, Doug Murray, Ellie Harvie


Monster Trucks: 2016 | PG | 104 min | 6.1 rating
Tripp is a high school senior with a knack for building trucks who makes an incredible discovery - a gas-guzzling creature named Creech. To protect his mischievous new friend, Tripp hides Creech under the hood of his latest creation, turning it into a real-life super-powered Monster Truck. Together, this unlikely duo with a shared taste for speed team up on a wild and unforgettable journey to reunite Creech with his family.
Cast: Lucas Till, Jane Levy, Amy Ryan, Rob Lowe, Danny Glover


Goodnight Mommy: 2022 | R | 91 min | 6.232 rating
When twin brothers arrive home to find their mother’s demeanor altered and face covered in surgical bandages, they begin to suspect the woman beneath the gauze might not be their mother.
Cast: Naomi Watts, Cameron Crovetti, Nicholas Crovetti, Peter Hermann, Jeremy Bobb


I Am Sam: 2001 | PG-13 | 132 min | 7.571 rating
Sam, a neurodivergent man, has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations as a parent start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam convinces high-priced lawyer Rita to take his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family.
Cast: Sean Penn, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dianne Wiest, Dakota Fanning, Richard Schiff


Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: 2016 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.145 rating
A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all.
Cast: Lily James, Sam Riley, Jack Huston, Bella Heathcote, Douglas Booth


Manhattan: 1979 | R | 96 min | 7.748 rating
Manhattan explores how the life of a middle-aged television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress.
Cast: Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, Michael Murphy, Mariel Hemingway, Meryl Streep


Empire Records: 1995 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.7 rating
The employees of an independent music store learn about each other as they try anything to stop the store being absorbed by a large chain.
Cast: Anthony LaPaglia, Maxwell Caulfield, Debi Mazar, Rory Cochrane, Johnny Whitworth


Misery: 1990 | R | 107 min | 7.753 rating
After stalking and saving the life of her favorite fiction author in a car accident, his  manic obsessor holds him captive in her remote Colorado home then forces him to write back to life the popular literary character he killed off.
Cast: James Caan, Kathy Bates, Richard Farnsworth, Frances Sternhagen, Lauren Bacall


Ciao Alberto: 2021 | PG | 7 min | 7.5 rating
With his best friend Luca away at school, Alberto is enjoying his new life in Portorosso working alongside Massimo – the imposing, tattooed, one-armed fisherman of few words – who's quite possibly the coolest human in the entire world as far as Alberto is concerned. He wants more than anything to impress his mentor, but it's easier said than done.
Cast: Jack Dylan Grazer, Marco Barricelli, Jacob Tremblay, Gino La Monica, Arturo Sorino


Bernie the Dolphin 2: 2019 |  | 99 min | 6.2 rating
The kids are thrilled that Bernie has come back. But so has their old enemy Winston, who's about to kidnap the talented dolphin. Kevin and Holly must rescue their splashy friend before it's too late.
Cast: Patrick Muldoon, Kevin Sorbo, Tommi Rose, Logan Allen, Lola Sultan


Paul Blart: Mall Cop: 2009 | PG | 91 min | 5.41 rating
Mild-mannered Paul Blart has always had huge dreams of becoming a State Trooper. Until then, he patrols the local mall as a security guard. With his closely cropped moustache, personal transporter and gung-ho attitude, only Blart seems to take his job seriously. All that changes when a team of thugs raids the mall and takes hostages. Untrained, unarmed and a super-size target, Blart has to become a real cop to save the day.
Cast: Kevin James, Keir O'Donnell, Jayma Mays, Raini Rodriguez, Shirley Knight


Saturday Night Fever: 1977 | R | 119 min | 6.718 rating
Tony spends his Saturdays at a disco where his stylish moves raise his popularity among the patrons. But his life outside the disco is not easy and things change when he gets attracted to Stephanie.
Cast: John Travolta, Karen Lynn Gorney, Barry Miller, Joseph Cali, Julie Bovasso


Exposed: 2016 | R | 102 min | 4.927 rating
After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Ana de Armas, Mira Sorvino, Christopher McDonald, Laura Gómez


The Ultimate Gift: 2007 | PG | 114 min | 7.6 rating
When his wealthy grandfather finally dies, Jason Stevens fully expects to benefit when it comes to the reading of the will. But instead of a sizable inheritance, Jason receives a test, a series of tasks he must complete before he can get any money.
Cast: Drew Fuller, Abigail Breslin, James Garner, Bill Cobbs, Ali Hillis


#realityhigh: 2017 |  | 99 min | 6.3 rating
When nerdy high schooler Dani finally attracts the interest of her longtime crush, she lands in the cross hairs of his ex, a social media celebrity.
Cast: Nesta Cooper, Keith Powers, Alicia Sanz, Jake Borelli, Anne Winters


Walk of Shame: 2014 | R | 95 min | 5.953 rating
A reporter's dream of becoming a news anchor is compromised after a one-night stand leaves her stranded in downtown L.A. without a phone, car, ID or money - and only 8 hours to make it to the most important job interview of her life.
Cast: Elizabeth Banks, James Marsden, Gillian Jacobs, Sarah Wright, Ethan Suplee


Pay It Forward: 2000 | PG-13 | 122 min | 7.319 rating
Like some other kids, 12-year-old Trevor McKinney believed in the goodness of human nature. Like many other kids, he was determined to change the world for the better. Unlike most other kids, he succeeded.
Cast: Kevin Spacey, Helen Hunt, Angie Dickinson, Haley Joel Osment, Jay Mohr


The Machine: 2023 | R | 112 min | 5.924 rating
Bert Kreischer faces a familial crisis and the arrival of his estranged father when the ghost of his booze-soaked past arrives: a murderous mobster hellbent on kidnapping Bert back to the motherland to atone for his crimes. Together, he and his father must retrace the steps of his younger self in the midst of a war between a sociopathic crime family while they attempt to find common ground.
Cast: Bert Kreischer, Mark Hamill, Jimmy Tatro, Stephanie Kurtzuba, Nikola Đuričko


Madly Madagascar: 2013 | G | 22 min | 6.5 rating
Your favorite Madagascar pals are back in an all-new adventure! Alex's favorite holiday, Valentine's Day, brings hilarious surprises and excitement for the entire gang. Melman plans a big surprise for Gloria, Marty tries to impress a new friend and everyone wants to get their hands on King Julien's love potion. You'll fall in LOVE with Madly Madagascar!
Cast: Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Cedric the Entertainer


Nightbreed: 1990 | R | 102 min | 6.325 rating
A troubled young man is drawn to a mythical place called Midian where a variety of monsters are hiding from humanity.
Cast: Craig Sheffer, Anne Bobby, David Cronenberg, Charles Haid, Hugh Quarshie


Definitely, Maybe: 2008 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.9 rating
When Will decides to tell his daughter the story of how he met her mother, he discovers that a second look at the past might also give him a second chance at the future.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Abigail Breslin, Elizabeth Banks, Isla Fisher, Rachel Weisz


Silver Streak: 1976 | PG | 114 min | 6.7 rating
A somewhat daffy book editor on a rail trip from Los Angeles to Chicago thinks that he sees a murdered man thrown from the train. When he can find no one who will believe him, he starts doing some investigating of his own. But all that accomplishes is to get the killer after him.
Cast: Gene Wilder, Jill Clayburgh, Richard Pryor, Patrick McGoohan, Ned Beatty


The Night Clerk: 2020 | R | 90 min | 6.22 rating
Hotel night clerk Bart Bromley is a highly intelligent young man on the Autism spectrum. When a woman is murdered during his shift, Bart becomes the prime suspect. As the police investigation closes in, Bart makes a personal connection with a beautiful guest named Andrea, but soon realises he must stop the real murderer before she becomes the next victim.
Cast: Tye Sheridan, Ana de Armas, Helen Hunt, John Leguizamo, Johnathon Schaech


Rudy: 1993 | PG | 114 min | 7.4 rating
Rudy grew up in a steel mill town where most people ended up working, but wanted to play football at Notre Dame instead. There were only a couple of problems. His grades were a little low, his athletic skills were poor, and he was only half the size of the other players. But he had the drive and the spirit of 5 people and has set his sights upon joining the team.
Cast: Sean Astin, Jon Favreau, Ned Beatty, Lili Taylor, Charles S. Dutton


To All the Boys: Always and Forever: 2021 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.585 rating
Senior year of high school takes center stage as Lara Jean returns from a family trip to Korea and considers her college plans — with and without Peter.
Cast: Lana Condor, Noah Centineo, Janel Parrish, Anna Cathcart, Ross Butler


Sorcerer: 1977 | PG | 121 min | 7.4 rating
Four men from different parts of the globe, all hiding from their pasts in the same remote South American town, agree to risk their lives transporting several cases of dynamite (which is so old that it is dripping unstable nitroglycerin) across dangerous jungle terrain.
Cast: Roy Scheider, Bruno Cremer, Francisco Rabal, Amidou, Ramon Bieri


Winchester: 2018 | PG-13 | 100 min | 5.9 rating
San Jose, California, 1906. Isolated in her labyrinthine mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes that she is being haunted by the souls of those killed by the guns manufactured by her company.
Cast: Jason Clarke, Helen Mirren, Sarah Snook, Finn Scicluna-O'Prey, Emm Wiseman


Fool's Gold: 2008 | PG-13 | 112 min | 5.74 rating
Treasure hunter Ben "Finn" Finnegan has sunk his marriage to Tess and his trusty boat in his obsessive quest to find the legendary Queen's Dowry. When he finds a vital clue that may finally pinpoint the treasure's whereabouts, he drags Tess and her boss, billionaire Nigel Honeycutt, along on the hunt. But Finn is not the only one interested in the gold; his former mentor-turned-enemy Moe Fitch, hired by rapper-turned-gangster Bigg Bunny, will stop at nothing to beat him to it.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Kate Hudson, Donald Sutherland, Alexis Dziena, Ewen Bremner


Battlefield Earth: 2000 | PG-13 | 117 min | 3.2 rating
In the year 3000, man is no match for the Psychlos, a greedy, manipulative race of aliens on a quest for ultimate profit. Led by the powerful Terl, the Psychlos are stripping Earth clean of its natural resources, using the broken remnants of humanity as slaves. What is left of the human race has descended into a near primitive state. After being captured, it is up to Tyler to save mankind.
Cast: John Travolta, Barry Pepper, Forest Whitaker, Kim Coates, Sabine Karsenti


Leprechaun Returns: 2018 | R | 93 min | 6.104 rating
A group of unwitting sorority sisters accidentally awaken the serial-killing Leprechaun after they build a sorority house on his hunting grounds.
Cast: Taylor Spreitler, Pepi Sonuga, Sai Bennett, Linden Porco, Emily Reid


Adidas Vs. Puma: The Brother's Feud: 2016 | NR | 115 min | 7.1 rating
Two brothers start a sportswear company in the 1920s, hoping to make the best shoes in the world. Their relationship deteriorates until they become bitter rivals.
Cast: Ken Duken, Torben Liebrecht, Christopher Gareisen, Martin Hentschel, David C. Bunners


Unlocked: 2017 | R | 98 min | 6.241 rating
After failing to apprehend the terrorist behind a Paris attack that claimed dozens of lives, CIA agent Alice Racine is forced to live in London as a caseworker. Her mentor unexpectedly calls her back into action when the CIA discovers that another attack is imminent. Alice soon learns that the classified information she's uncovered has been compromised...
Cast: Noomi Rapace, Orlando Bloom, Michael Douglas, John Malkovich, Toni Collette


Cop Land: 1997 | R | 104 min | 6.792 rating
Freddy Heflin is the sheriff of a place everyone calls “Cop Land” — a small and seemingly peaceful town populated by the big city police officers he’s long admired. Yet something ugly is taking place behind the town’s peaceful facade. And when Freddy uncovers a massive, deadly conspiracy among these local residents, he is forced to take action and make a dangerous choice between protecting his idols and upholding the law.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Harvey Keitel, Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Peter Berg


Chinese Zodiac: 2012 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.172 rating
Asian Hawk leads a mercenary team to recover several lost artifacts from the Old Summer Palace, the bronze heads of the 12 Chinese Zodiac animals which were sacked by the French and British armies from the imperial Summer Palace in Beijing in 1860. Assisted by a Chinese student & a Parisian lady, Hawk stops at nothing to accomplish the mission.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Anna Yao, Kwon Sang-woo, Zhang Lanxin, Liao Fan


CJ7: 2008 | NR | 86 min | 7.2 rating
Ti, a really poor construction worker that struggles to keep his son, Dicky, in private school, mistakes an orb he finds in a junkjard for a toy which proves to be much, much more once the young boy starts to play with it.
Cast: Stephen Chow, Xu Jiao, Kitty Zhang, Lam Tze-chung, Lee Sheung-Ching


Secret Admirer: 1985 | R | 98 min | 6.9 rating
An anonymous love letter left in Michael Ryan's locker on the last day of school wreaks havoc on his life and the lives of everyone who come in contact with it.
Cast: C. Thomas Howell, Lori Loughlin, Kelly Preston, Dee Wallace, Cliff DeYoung


Hamburger Hill: 1987 | R | 110 min | 6.544 rating
The men of Bravo Company are facing a battle that's all uphill… up Hamburger Hill. Fourteen war-weary soldiers are battling for a mud-covered mound of earth so named because it chews up soldiers like chopped meat. They are fighting for their country, their fellow soldiers and their lives. War is hell, but this is worse. Hamburger Hill tells it the way it was, the way it really was. It's a raw, gritty and totally unrelenting dramatic depiction of one of the fiercest battles of America's bloodiest war. This happened. Hamburger Hill - war at its worst, men at their best.
Cast: Tim Quill, Michael Boatman, Dylan McDermott, Don Cheadle, Steven Weber


A Dog's Purpose: 2017 | PG | 100 min | 7.621 rating
A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners.
Cast: Josh Gad, K.J. Apa, Britt Robertson, Dennis Quaid, Peggy Lipton


Fatale: 2020 | R | 102 min | 6.1 rating
After a one-night stand, a successful married man finds himself entangled and tricked in a female detective's latest investigation murder scheme.
Cast: Michael Ealy, Hilary Swank, Mike Colter, Damaris Lewis, Geoffrey Owens


Rudderless: 2014 | R | 105 min | 7.224 rating
A grieving father in a downward spiral stumbles across a box of his recently deceased son's demo tapes and lyrics. Shocked by the discovery of this unknown talent, he forms a band in the hope of finding some catharsis.
Cast: Billy Crudup, Anton Yelchin, Felicity Huffman, Selena Gomez, Miles Heizer


Death Sentence: 2007 | R | 105 min | 6.739 rating
Nick Hume is a mild-mannered executive with a perfect life, until one gruesome night he witnesses something that changes him forever. Transformed by grief, Hume eventually comes to the disturbing conclusion that no length is too great when protecting his family.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Garrett Hedlund, Kelly Preston, Jordan Garrett, John Goodman


1492: Conquest of Paradise: 1992 | PG-13 | 154 min | 6.219 rating
1492: Conquest of Paradise depicts Christopher Columbus’ discovery of The New World and his effect on the indigenous people.
Cast: Gérard Depardieu, Armand Assante, Sigourney Weaver, Loren Dean, Ángela Molina


Kingpin: 1996 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.51 rating
After bowler Roy Munson swindles the wrong crowd and is left with a hook for a hand, he settles into impoverished obscurity. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael. So, the corrupt and the hopelessly naive hit the circuit intent on settling an old score with Big Ern.
Cast: Woody Harrelson, Randy Quaid, Vanessa Angel, Bill Murray, Chris Elliott


Star Trek: First Contact: 1996 | PG-13 | 111 min | 7.299 rating
The Borg, a relentless race of cyborgs, are on a direct course for Earth. Violating orders to stay away from the battle, Captain Picard and the crew of the newly-commissioned USS Enterprise E pursue the Borg back in time to prevent the invaders from changing Federation history and assimilating the galaxy.
Cast: Patrick Stewart, Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, LeVar Burton, Michael Dorn


The Vatican Tapes: 2015 | R | 91 min | 5.297 rating
In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source.
Cast: Olivia Taylor Dudley, Michael Peña, Peter Andersson, Djimon Hounsou, Kathleen Robertson


Three: 2006 | R | 95 min | 5.4 rating
After a yachting accident, a millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked on a desert island along with their former deckhand, Manuel.
Cast: Billy Zane, Kelly Brook, Juan Pablo Di Pace, Todd Collins, Gabrielle Jourdan


Batman: Under the Red Hood: 2010 | PG-13 | 75 min | 7.8 rating
One part vigilante, one part criminal kingpin, Red Hood begins cleaning up Gotham with the efficiency of Batman, but without following the same ethical code.
Cast: Bruce Greenwood, Jensen Ackles, Neil Patrick Harris, Jason Isaacs, John DiMaggio


Dom Hemingway: 2013 | R | 93 min | 5.8 rating
After spending 12 years in prison for keeping his mouth shut, notorious safe-cracker Dom Hemingway is back on the streets of London looking to collect what he's owed.
Cast: Jude Law, Demián Bichir, Richard E. Grant, Matthew C. Martino, Emilia Clarke


Fistful of Vengeance: 2022 | R | 97 min | 5.5 rating
A revenge mission becomes a fight to save the world from an ancient threat when superpowered assassin Kai tracks a killer to Bangkok.
Cast: Iko Uwais, Lewis Tan, Lawrence Kao, Pearl Thusi, Francesca Corney


The Secret in Their Eyes: 2009 | R | 130 min | 7.988 rating
Hoping to put to rest years of unease concerning a past case, retired criminal investigator Benjamín begins writing a novel based on the unsolved mystery of a newlywed’s rape and murder. With the help of a former colleague, judge Irene, he attempts to make sense of the past.
Cast: Ricardo Darín, Soledad Villamil, Pablo Rago, Javier Godino, Guillermo Francella


Get Smart: 2008 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.181 rating
When members of the nefarious crime syndicate KAOS attack the U.S. spy agency Control and the identities of secret agents are compromised, the Chief has to promote hapless but eager analyst Maxwell Smart to field agent. He is partnered with veteran and capable Agent 99, the only spy whose cover remains intact. Can they work together to thwart the evil world-domination plans of KAOS and its crafty operative?
Cast: Steve Carell, Anne Hathaway, Dwayne Johnson, Alan Arkin, Terence Stamp


Paranormal Activity: 2007 | R | 86 min | 5.992 rating
After a young, middle-class couple moves into what seems like a typical suburban house, they become increasingly disturbed by a presence that may or may not be demonic but is certainly the most active in the middle of the night.  Followed by five terrifying installments in the franchise, this is the original found-footage shocker that started it all.
Cast: Katie Featherston, Micah Sloat, Mark Fredrichs, Amber Armstrong, Ashley Palmer


Contact: 1997 | PG | 150 min | 7.421 rating
A radio astronomer receives the first extraterrestrial radio signal ever picked up on Earth. As the world powers scramble to decipher the message and decide upon a course of action, she must make some difficult decisions between her beliefs, the truth, and reality.
Cast: Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, James Woods, John Hurt, Tom Skerritt


A Cure for Wellness: 2017 |  | 146 min | 6.334 rating
An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious "wellness center" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem.
Cast: Dane DeHaan, Jason Isaacs, Mia Goth, Harry Groener, Celia Imrie


On the Line: 2022 | R | 104 min | 6.167 rating
A provocative and edgy radio host must play a dangerous game of cat and mouse with a mysterious caller who's kidnapped his family and is threatening to blow up the whole station.
Cast: Mel Gibson, William Moseley, Alia Seror-O'Neill, Paul Spera, Kevin Dillon


Close Encounters of the Third Kind: 1977 | PG | 135 min | 7.359 rating
After an encounter with UFOs, an electricity linesman feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness where something spectacular is about to happen.
Cast: Richard Dreyfuss, François Truffaut, Teri Garr, Melinda Dillon, Bob Balaban


Small Soldiers: 1998 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.519 rating
When missile technology is used to enhance toy action figures, the toys soon begin to take their battle programming too seriously.
Cast: Gregory Smith, Kirsten Dunst, Denis Leary, Phil Hartman, David Cross


What Dreams May Come: 1998 | PG-13 | 113 min | 7.2 rating
Chris Neilson dies to find himself in a heaven more amazing than he could have ever dreamed of. There is one thing missing: his wife. After he dies, his wife, Annie killed herself and went to hell. Chris decides to risk eternity in hades for the small chance that he will be able to bring her back to heaven.
Cast: Robin Williams, Cuba Gooding Jr., Annabella Sciorra, Max von Sydow, Jessica Brooks Grant


Children of the Corn: 2020 | R | 93 min | 5.2 rating
A psychopathic twelve-year-old girl in a small town in Nebraska recruits all the other children and goes on a bloody rampage, killing the corrupt adults and anyone else who opposes her. A bright high schooler who won't go along with the plan is the town's only hope of survival.
Cast: Elena Kampouris, Kate Moyer, Callan Mulvey, Jayden McGinlay, Joe Klocek


Primal: 2019 |  | 97 min | 5.6 rating
A big-game hunter for zoos books passage on a Greek shipping freighter with a fresh haul of exotic and deadly animals from the Amazon, including a rare white Jaguar – along with a political assassin being extradited to the U.S in secret. Two days into the journey, the assassin escapes and releases the captive animals, throwing the ship into chaos.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Famke Janssen, Kevin Durand, Jeremy Jay Nazario, LaMonica Garrett


Lawrence of Arabia: 1962 | PG | 228 min | 7.985 rating
The story of British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant, messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements.
Cast: Peter O'Toole, Alec Guinness, Anthony Quinn, Jack Hawkins, Omar Sharif


No Game No Life: Zero: 2017 | R | 106 min | 7.8 rating
In ancient Disboard, Riku is an angry, young warrior intent on saving humanity from the warring Exceed, the sixteen sentient species, fighting to establish the "One True God" amongst the Old Deus. In a lawless land, humanity's lack of magic and weak bodies have made them easy targets, leaving them on the brink of extinction. One day, hope returns to humanity when Riku finds a powerful female Ex-machina, whom he names Schwi. Exiled from her Cluster because of her research into human emotions, Schwi is convinced that humanity has only survived due to the power of these feelings. Forming an unlikely partnership in the midst of the overwhelming chaos, Riku and Schwi must now find the answers to their individual shortcomings in each other, and discover for themselves what it truly means to be human as they fight for their lives against all odds. Each with a powerful new ally in tow, it is now up to them to prevent the extinction of the human race and establish peace throughout Disboard!
Cast: Yoko Hikasa, Ai Kayano, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Ryota Takeuchi


House of Purgatory: 2016 |  | 75 min | 3.6 rating
Four teenagers go looking for a legendary haunted house that gives you money back for every floor you can complete. Once finding it, they realize the house is much more terrifying than a normal Halloween attraction - the house knows each of their secrets and one by one uses them against the teens.
Cast: Torey Adkins, Brian Krause, Anne Leighton, Laura Coover, Lisa Musser


Triple Threat: 2019 | R | 96 min | 6.4 rating
A crime syndicate places a hit on a billionaire's daughter, making her the target of an elite assassin squad. A small band of down-and-out mercenaries protects her, fighting tooth and nail to stop the assassins from reaching their target.
Cast: Tony Jaa, Tiger Hu Chen, Iko Uwais, Scott Adkins, Michael Jai White


Night at the Museum: Kahmunrah Rises Again: 2022 | PG | 77 min | 6.625 rating
Nick Daley is following in his father's footsteps as night watchman at the American Museum of Natural History, so he knows what happens when the sun goes down. But when the maniacal ruler Kahmunrah escapes, it is up to Nick to save the museum once and for all.
Cast: Joshua Bassett, Thomas Lennon, Joseph Kamal, Akmal Saleh, Steve Zahn


Vivarium: 2019 | R | 97 min | 6.074 rating
A young woman and her fiancé are in search of the perfect starter home. After following a mysterious real estate agent to a new housing development, the couple finds themselves trapped in a maze of identical houses and forced to raise an otherworldly child.
Cast: Imogen Poots, Jesse Eisenberg, Jonathan Aris, Senan Jennings, Éanna Hardwicke


Trouble: 2019 | G | 88 min | 6.7 rating
A pampered dog named Trouble must learn to live in the real world while trying to escape from his former owner's greedy children and must learn how to survive on the big-city streets.
Cast: Big Sean, Pamela Adlon, Lucy Hale, Marissa Jaret Winokur, Joel McHale


Fate/stay night: Heaven's Feel II. Lost Butterfly: 2019 |  | 117 min | 6.958 rating
The Fifth Holy Grail War continues, and the ensuing chaos results in higher stakes for all participants. Shirou Emiya continues to participate in the war, aspiring to be a hero of justice who saves everyone. He sets out in search of the truth behind a mysterious dark shadow and its murder spree, determined to defeat it.  Meanwhile, Shinji Matou sets his own plans into motion, threatening Shirou through his sister Sakura Matou. Shirou and Rin Tohsaka battle Shinji, hoping to relieve Sakura from the abuses of her brother. But the ugly truth of the Matou siblings begins to surface, and many dark secrets are exposed.
Cast: Noriaki Sugiyama, Noriko Shitaya, Hiroshi Kamiya, Ayako Kawasumi, Kana Ueda


Fruitvale Station: 2013 | R | 82 min | 7.365 rating
Oakland, California. Young Afro-American Oscar Grant crosses paths with family members, friends, enemies and strangers before facing his fate on the platform at Fruitvale Station, in the early morning hours of New Year's Day 2009.
Cast: Michael B. Jordan, Melonie Diaz, Octavia Spencer, Kevin Durand, Chad Michael Murray


Attack on Titan II: End of the World: 2015 | NR | 87 min | 6.037 rating
Eren Yeager leaves to restore a break in the wall destroyed by a Titan. He comes under attack by the Titans and is cornered. Shikishima comes to his aid. The titans never stops attacking.  Eren is now injured and tries to protect Armin, but is swallowed by a titan. A Titan with black hair appears and begins to expel the other titans.
Cast: Haruma Miura, Kiko Mizuhara, Kanata Hongo, Hiroki Hasegawa, Nanami Sakuraba


Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon Eternal The Movie Part 2: 2021 | PG-13 | 80 min | 8.087 rating
While under the care of the Outer Sailor Guardians, Hotaru begins to age rapidly. Then, the time comes for all the Sailor Guardians to reunite!
Cast: Kotono Mitsuishi, Misato Fukuen, Hisako Kanemoto, Rina Sato, Ami Koshimizu


AINBO: Spirit of the Amazon: 2021 | PG | 84 min | 7.018 rating
An epic journey of a young hero and her Spirit Guides, 'Dillo' a cute and humorous armadillo and "Vaca" a goofy oversized tapir, who embark on a quest to save their home in the spectacular Amazon Rainforest.
Cast: Lola Raie, Alejandra Gollas, Thom Hoffman, Bernardo de Paula, Dino Andrade


Collateral Beauty: 2016 | PG-13 | 97 min | 7.239 rating
Retreating from life after a tragedy, a man questions the universe by writing to Love, Time and Death. Receiving unexpected answers, he begins to see how these things interlock and how even loss can reveal moments of meaning and beauty.
Cast: Will Smith, Edward Norton, Kate Winslet, Michael Peña, Helen Mirren


A Haunted House: 2013 | R | 86 min | 5.866 rating
Malcolm and Kisha move into their dream home, but soon learn a demon also resides there. When Kisha becomes possessed, Malcolm - determined to keep his sex life on track - turns to a priest, a psychic, and a team of ghost-busters for help in this spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years.
Cast: Marlon Wayans, Essence Atkins, Nick Swardson, Cedric the Entertainer, David Koechner


Maggie Moore(s): 2023 |  | 99 min | 5.717 rating
The chief of police in a quiet Arizona town is suddenly faced with the back-to-back murders of two women with the same name.
Cast: Jon Hamm, Tina Fey, Micah Stock, Nick Mohammed, Happy Anderson


Gulliver's Travels: 2010 | PG | 85 min | 5.2 rating
Travel writer Lemuel Gulliver takes an assignment in Bermuda, but ends up on the island of Liliput, where he towers over its tiny citizens.
Cast: Jack Black, Jason Segel, Emily Blunt, Amanda Peet, Billy Connolly


A Bridge Too Far: 1977 | PG | 175 min | 7.232 rating
The story of Operation Market Garden—a failed attempt by the allies in the latter stages of WWII to end the war quickly by securing three bridges in Holland allowing access over the Rhine into Germany. A combination of poor allied intelligence and the presence of two crack German panzer divisions meant that the final part of this operation (the bridge in Arnhem over the Rhine) was doomed to failure.
Cast: Dirk Bogarde, James Caan, Michael Caine, Sean Connery, Edward Fox


Role Models: 2008 | R | 99 min | 6.488 rating
Two salesmen trash a company truck on an energy drink-fueled bender. Upon their arrest, the court gives them a choice: do hard time or spend 150 service hours with a mentorship program. After one day with the kids, however, jail doesn't look half bad.
Cast: Seann William Scott, Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Bobb'e J. Thompson


Cloud 9: 2014 | G | 90 min | 6.9 rating
Set high atop snow-capped mountains in the adrenaline-fueled world of competitive snowboarding, the Disney Channel Original Movie “Cloud 9″ tells the inspiring story of two snowboarders who must overcome self-doubt to learn that achieving their dreams is possible.
Cast: Luke Benward, Dove Cameron, Mike C. Manning, Kiersey Clemons, Amy Farrington


Zardoz: 1974 | R | 105 min | 5.936 rating
In the far future, a savage trained only to kill finds a way into the community of bored immortals that alone preserves humanity's achievements.
Cast: Sean Connery, Charlotte Rampling, Sara Kestelman, John Alderton, Sally Anne Newton


Kingdom: Ashin of the North: 2021 |  | 92 min | 7.176 rating
Tragedy, betrayal and a mysterious discovery fuel a woman's vengeance for the loss of her tribe and family.
Cast: Jun Ji-hyun, Park Byung-eun, Kim Si-a, Kim Roi-ha, Koo Kyo-hwan


The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas: 2000 | PG | 90 min | 4.8 rating
The Flintstones are at it again. The Flintstones and the Rubbles head for Rock Vegas with Fred hoping to court the lovely Wilma. Nothing will stand in the way of love, except for the conniving Chip Rockefeller who is the playboy born in Baysville but who has made it in the cutthroat town of Rock Vegas. Will Fred win Wilma's love?
Cast: Mark Addy, Stephen Baldwin, Kristen Johnston, Jane Krakowski, Joan Collins


Resident Evil: Vendetta: 2017 | R | 97 min | 6.9 rating
BSAA Chris Redfield enlists the help of government agent Leon S. Kennedy and Professor Rebecca Chambers from Alexander Institute of Biotechnology to stop a death merchant with a vengeance from spreading a deadly virus in New York.
Cast: Kevin Dorman, Matthew Mercer, Erin Cahill, John DeMita, Fred Tatasciore


Moonstruck: 1987 | PG | 102 min | 6.9 rating
37-year-old Italian-American widow Loretta Castorini believes she is unlucky in love, and so accepts a marriage proposal from her boyfriend Johnny, even though she doesn't love him. When she meets his estranged younger brother Ronny, an emotional and passionate man, she finds herself drawn to him. She tries to resist, but Ronny, who blames his brother for the loss of his hand, has no scruples about aggressively pursuing her while Johnny is out of the country. As Loretta falls for Ronny, she learns that she's not the only one in her family with a secret romance.
Cast: Cher, Nicolas Cage, Vincent Gardenia, Olympia Dukakis, Danny Aiello


The Old Guard: 2020 | R | 125 min | 7.166 rating
Four undying warriors who've secretly protected humanity for centuries become targeted for their mysterious powers just as they discover a new immortal.
Cast: Charlize Theron, KiKi Layne, Matthias Schoenaerts, Marwan Kenzari, Luca Marinelli


The Strange Thing About the Johnsons: 2011 |  | 29 min | 6.967 rating
A dark domestic melodrama about the ties that bind and the ties that really bind.
Cast: Billy Mayo, Brandon Greenhouse, Angela Bullock, Carlon Jeffery, Connie Jackson


Supernova: 2020 |  | 94 min | 7 rating
Sam and Tusker, partners of 20 years, are traveling across England in their old RV visiting friends, family and places from their past. Since Tusker was diagnosed with early-onset dementia two years ago, their time together is the most important thing they have.  As the trip progresses, however, their ideas for the future clash, secrets come out, and their love for each other is tested as never before. Ultimately, they must confront the question of what it means to love one another in the face of Tusker’s illness.
Cast: Colin Firth, Stanley Tucci, Peter MacQueen, Pippa Haywood, Nina Marlin


Total Recall: 1990 | R | 113 min | 7.3 rating
Construction worker Douglas Quaid's obsession with the planet Mars leads him to visit Recall, a company who manufacture memories. Something goes wrong during his memory implant turning Doug's life upside down and even to question what is reality and what isn't.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rachel Ticotin, Sharon Stone, Ronny Cox, Michael Ironside


The Souvenir: 2019 |  | 120 min | 6 rating
A shy but ambitious film student falls into an intense, emotionally fraught relationship with a charismatic but untrustworthy older man.
Cast: Honor Swinton Byrne, Tom Burke, Tilda Swinton, Richard Ayoade, Ariane Labed


Dogma: 1999 | R | 130 min | 6.911 rating
The latest battle in the eternal war between Good and Evil has come to New Jersey in the late, late 20th Century. Angels, demons, apostles and prophets (of a sort) walk among the cynics and innocents of America and duke it out for the fate of humankind.
Cast: Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, Salma Hayek Pinault, Jason Lee


I See You: 2019 |  | 98 min | 7.054 rating
When a 10-year-old boy goes missing, lead investigator Greg Harper struggles to balance the pressure of the investigation and troubles with his wife, Jackie. Facing a recent affair, great strain is put on the family that slowly gnaws away at Jackie's grip on reality. But after a malicious presence manifests itself in their home and puts their son, Connor, in mortal danger, the cold, hard truth about evil in the Harper household is finally uncovered.
Cast: Helen Hunt, Jon Tenney, Owen Teague, Judah Lewis, Libe Barer


Where'd You Go, Bernadette: 2019 | PG-13 | 109 min | 6.639 rating
When architect-turned-recluse Bernadette Fox goes missing prior to a family trip to Antarctica, her 15-year-old daughter Bee goes on a quest with Bernadette's husband to find her.
Cast: Cate Blanchett, Billy Crudup, Emma Nelson, Kristen Wiig, Patrick Sebes


The Monuments Men: 2014 | PG-13 | 118 min | 6.04 rating
Based on the true story of the greatest treasure hunt in history, The Monuments Men is an action drama focusing on seven over-the-hill, out-of-shape museum directors, artists, architects, curators, and art historians who went to the front lines of WWII to rescue the world’s artistic masterpieces from Nazi thieves and return them to their rightful owners.  With the art hidden behind enemy lines, how could these guys hope to succeed?
Cast: George Clooney, Matt Damon, Bill Murray, John Goodman, Cate Blanchett


Torque: 2004 | PG-13 | 84 min | 5.2 rating
Biker Cary Ford is framed by an old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of Trey, leader of the most feared biker gang in the country. Ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with Trey and his gang looking for his blood.
Cast: Martin Henderson, Ice Cube, Monet Mazur, Jaime Pressly, Matt Schulze


You're Next: 2013 | R | 94 min | 6.592 rating
When the Davison family comes under attack during their wedding anniversary getaway, the gang of mysterious killers soon learns that one of their victims harbors a secret talent for fighting back.
Cast: Sharni Vinson, Nicholas Tucci, Wendy Glenn, AJ Bowen, Joe Swanberg


Stolen: 2012 | R | 96 min | 5.406 rating
Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence, is contacted by Vincent, his ex comrade in crime, who is holding Will’s teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Sami Gayle, Josh Lucas, Malin Åkerman, Danny Huston


Jack and Jill: 2011 | PG | 91 min | 4.348 rating
Jack Sadelstein, a successful advertising executive in Los Angeles with a beautiful wife and kids, dreads one event each year: the Thanksgiving visit of his twin sister Jill. Jill's neediness and passive-aggressiveness is maddening to Jack, turning his normally tranquil life upside down.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Al Pacino, Katie Holmes, Elodie Tougne, Rohan Chand


The House Bunny: 2008 | PG-13 | 97 min | 5.653 rating
Shelley is living a carefree life until a rival gets her tossed out of the Playboy Mansion. With nowhere to go, fate delivers her to the sorority girls from Zeta Alpha Zeta. Unless they can sign a new pledge class, the seven socially clueless women will lose their house to the scheming girls of Phi Iota Mu. In order to accomplish their goal, they need Shelley to teach them the ways of makeup and men; at the same time, Shelley needs some of what the Zetas have - a sense of individuality. The combination leads all the girls to learn how to stop pretending and start being themselves.
Cast: Anna Faris, Colin Hanks, Emma Stone, Kat Dennings, Hugh Hefner


Fright Night: 2011 | R | 106 min | 6.2 rating
A teenager suspects his new neighbour is a vampire. Unable to convince anyone, he tries to enlist the help of a self-proclaimed vampire hunter and magician.
Cast: Anton Yelchin, Colin Farrell, Toni Collette, David Tennant, Imogen Poots


Steel Magnolias: 1989 | PG | 119 min | 7.199 rating
A young beautician, newly arrived in a small Louisiana town, finds work at the local salon, where a small group of women share a close bond of friendship and welcome her into the fold.
Cast: Sally Field, Dolly Parton, Shirley MacLaine, Daryl Hannah, Olympia Dukakis


Hostel: Part II: 2007 | R | 93 min | 5.819 rating
Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it.
Cast: Lauren German, Heather Matarazzo, Bijou Phillips, Vera Jordanova, Jay Hernandez


The Squad: Home Run: 2023 | NR | 93 min | 6.402 rating
Former Antigang legend Niels Cartier, known for his muscular and unconventional methods, left the force following an intervention that went wrong and led to the death of his wife. When the gang of bank robbers responsible for her death reappears eight years later, Niels won't let anyone stand in his way to seek revenge. Even if it means forming an explosive duo with his temperamental 14-year-old daughter.
Cast: Alban Lenoir, Jean Reno, Sofia Essaïdi, Stéfi Celma, Cassiopée Mayance


How It Ends: 2018 |  | 113 min | 5.274 rating
A desperate father tries to return home to his pregnant wife after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos.
Cast: Theo James, Forest Whitaker, Kat Graham, Kerry Bishé, Grace Dove


Catchfire: 1990 | R | 98 min | 5.5 rating
A witness to a mob assassination flees for her life from town to town, switching identities, but cannot seem to elude Milo, the chief killer out to get her.
Cast: Dennis Hopper, Jodie Foster, Dean Stockwell, Vincent Price, John Turturro


Max Payne: 2008 | PG-13 | 100 min | 5.364 rating
A DEA agent whose family was slain as part of a conspiracy, and an assassin out to avenge her sister's death, join forces to solve a series of murders in New York City.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Mila Kunis, Beau Bridges, Ludacris, Chris O'Donnell


Deep Blue Sea: 1999 | R | 105 min | 5.966 rating
Researchers on the undersea lab Aquatica have genetically altered the brains of captive sharks to develop a cure for Alzheimer's disease. But there's an unexpected side effect: the sharks got smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After a big storm damages their remote research facility, they must fight for their lives.
Cast: Thomas Jane, Saffron Burrows, LL Cool J, Michael Rapaport, Samuel L. Jackson


You've Got Mail: 1998 | PG | 119 min | 6.7 rating
Book superstore magnate, Joe Fox and independent book shop owner, Kathleen Kelly fall in love in the anonymity of the Internet—both blissfully unaware that he's trying to put her out of business.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, Greg Kinnear, Parker Posey, Steve Zahn


CHiPS: 2017 | R | 100 min | 6.128 rating
The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles.
Cast: Michael Peña, Dax Shepard, Jessica McNamee, Rosa Salazar, Adam Brody


Kin: 2018 | PG-13 | 102 min | 6.2 rating
A young boy finds a powerful otherworldly weapon, which he uses to save his older adoptive brother from a crew of thugs. Before long, the two of them are also pursued by federal agents and mysterious mercenaries aiming to reclaim their asset.
Cast: Myles Truitt, Jack Reynor, Dennis Quaid, Zoë Kravitz, James Franco


Wall Street: 1987 | R | 126 min | 7.2 rating
A young and impatient stockbroker is willing to do anything to get to the top, including trading on illegal inside information taken through a ruthless and greedy corporate raider whom takes the youth under his wing.
Cast: Charlie Sheen, Michael Douglas, Martin Sheen, Daryl Hannah, John C. McGinley


Last Man Standing: 1996 | R | 101 min | 6.3 rating
John Smith is a mysterious stranger who is drawn into a vicious war between two Prohibition-era gangs. In a dangerous game, he switches allegiances from one to another, offering his services to the highest bidder. As the death toll mounts, Smith takes the law into his own hands in a deadly race to stay alive.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Bruce Dern, William Sanderson, Christopher Walken, David Patrick Kelly


Donnie Brasco: 1997 | R | 127 min | 7.542 rating
An FBI undercover agent infiltrates the mob and identifies more with the mafia life at the expense of his regular one.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Al Pacino, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby, James Russo


Green Zone: 2010 | R | 115 min | 6.465 rating
During the U.S.-led occupation of Baghdad in 2003, Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller and his team of Army inspectors are dispatched to find weapons of mass destruction believed to be stockpiled in the Iraqi desert. Rocketing from one booby-trapped and treacherous site to the next, the men search for deadly chemical agents but stumble instead upon an elaborate cover-up that threatens to invert the purpose of their mission.
Cast: Matt Damon, Greg Kinnear, Brendan Gleeson, Amy Ryan, Khalid Abdalla


Child 44: 2015 | R | 137 min | 6.268 rating
Set in Stalin-era Soviet Union, a disgraced MGB agent is dispatched to investigate a series of child murders -- a case that begins to connect with the very top of party leadership.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Gary Oldman, Noomi Rapace, Fares Fares, Joel Kinnaman


Solomon Kane: 2009 | R | 104 min | 5.962 rating
A nomadic 16th century warrior, condemned to hell for his brutal past, seeks redemption by renouncing violence, but finds some things are worth burning for as he fights to free a young Puritan woman from the grip of evil.
Cast: James Purefoy, Pete Postlethwaite, Alice Krige, Mackenzie Crook, Max von Sydow


The Sentinel: 2006 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6 rating
A secret service agent is framed as the mole in an assassination attempt on the president. He must clear his name and foil another assassination attempt while on the run from a relentless FBI agent.
Cast: Michael Douglas, Kiefer Sutherland, Eva Longoria, Martin Donovan, Kim Basinger


High School Musical 2: 2007 |  | 108 min | 6.526 rating
The East High Wildcats are gearing up for big fun as they land the coolest summer jobs imaginable. Troy, Gabriella, Chad, and Taylor have scored sweet gigs at the Lava Springs Country Club owned by Sharpay and Ryan's family. Sharpay's first rule of business: Get Troy. As Troy experiences a life of privilege he's never known, will he give up the Wildcats and Gabriella to rise to the top?
Cast: Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Lucas Grabeel, Corbin Bleu


The Last Warrior: Root of Evil: 2020 | PG | 120 min | 7 rating
Peace and tranquility have set in Belogorie. The evil was defeated and Ivan is now enjoying his well-deserved fame. He is surrounded by his family, friends and small wonders from the modern world that help him lead a comfortable life. Luckily, he has his Magic Sword to cut a gap between the worlds to get some supplies quite regularly. But when an ancient evil rises and the existence of the magic world is put to danger, Ivan has to team up with his old friends and his new rivals. They will set out on a long journey beyond the known world to find a way to defeat the enemies and to return peace to Belogorie.
Cast: Viktor Horinyak, Mila Syvatska, Ekaterina Vilkova, Elena Yakovleva, Konstantin Lavronenko


R.I.P.D.: 2013 | PG-13 | 96 min | 5.8 rating
A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Ryan Reynolds, Kevin Bacon, Mary-Louise Parker, Stephanie Szostak


King Arthur: 2004 | PG-13 | 126 min | 6.265 rating
The story of the Arthurian legend, based on the 'Sarmatian hypothesis' which contends that the legend has a historical nucleus in the Sarmatian heavy cavalry troops stationed in Britain, and that the Roman-British military commander, Lucius Artorius Castus is the historical person behind the legend.
Cast: Clive Owen, Ioan Gruffudd, Keira Knightley, Mads Mikkelsen, Joel Edgerton


Titan A.E.: 2000 | PG | 94 min | 6.564 rating
A young man finds out that he holds the key to restoring hope and ensuring survival for the human race, while an alien species called the Drej are bent on mankind's destruction.
Cast: Matt Damon, Bill Pullman, Drew Barrymore, John Leguizamo, Nathan Lane


Uncut Gems: 2019 | R | 136 min | 7.147 rating
A charismatic New York City jeweler always on the lookout for the next big score makes a series of high-stakes bets that could lead to the windfall of a lifetime. Howard must perform a precarious high-wire act, balancing business, family, and encroaching adversaries on all sides in his relentless pursuit of the ultimate win.
Cast: Adam Sandler, LaKeith Stanfield, Julia Fox, Kevin Garnett, Idina Menzel


Game Over, Man!: 2018 | R | 100 min | 5.461 rating
Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists.
Cast: Adam Devine, Anders Holm, Blake Anderson, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Jamie Demetriou


#Alive: 2020 | R | 98 min | 7.289 rating
As a grisly virus rampages a city, a lone man stays locked inside his apartment, digitally cut off from seeking help and desperate to find a way out.
Cast: Yoo Ah-in, Park Shin-hye, Lee Hyun-wook, Jin So-yeon, Kim Hak-sun


Another Round: 2020 | NR | 117 min | 7.657 rating
Four high school teachers launch a drinking experiment: upholding a constant low level of intoxication.
Cast: Mads Mikkelsen, Thomas Bo Larsen, Magnus Millang, Lars Ranthe, Maria Bonnevie


The Holiday Proposal Plan: 2023 |  | 90 min | 0 rating
When travel columnist Sonny Kravitz and her ex-boyfriend Kip are forced to team up to help their best friends Bree and Jarod get engaged amongst a whimsical backdrop of twelve holiday traditions from around the world at her parent's snowy chalet, they soon find themselves falling for one another once again.
Cast: Tatyana Ali, Jesse Kove, Whitney Able, Geovanni Gopradi, Patrick Faucette


28 Weeks Later: 2007 | R | 100 min | 6.584 rating
The inhabitants of the British Isles have lost their battle against the onslaught of disease, as the deadly rage virus has killed every citizen there. Six months later, a group of Americans dare to set foot on the isles, convinced the danger has come and gone. But it soon becomes all too clear that the scourge continues to live, waiting to pounce on its next victims.
Cast: Robert Carlyle, Rose Byrne, Jeremy Renner, Harold Perrineau, Catherine McCormack


Little Dixie: 2023 | R | 105 min | 5.8 rating
Erstwhile Special Forces operative Doc Alexander is asked to broker a truce with the Mexican drug cartel in secrecy. When Oklahoma Governor Richard Jeffs celebrates the execution of a high-ranking cartel member on TV, his Chief of Staff and Doc inform him about the peace he just ended. But it’s too late, as Cuco, the cartel’s hatchet man, has set his vengeful sights on Doc’s daughter Dixie.
Cast: Frank Grillo, Eric Dane, Annabeth Gish, Mercedes Mason, Peter Greene


I Origins: 2014 | R | 106 min | 7.596 rating
A molecular biologist's study of the human eye has far-reaching implications about humanity's scientific and spiritual beliefs.
Cast: Michael Pitt, Brit Marling, Astrid Bergès-Frisbey, Steven Yeun, Archie Panjabi


U-571: 2000 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.473 rating
In the midst of World War II, the battle under the sea rages and the Nazis have the upper hand as the Allies are unable to crack their war codes. However, after a wrecked U-boat sends out an SOS signal, the Allies realise this is their chance to seize the 'enigma coding machine'.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Bill Paxton, Harvey Keitel, Jon Bon Jovi, David Keith


Us: 2019 | R | 116 min | 6.975 rating
Husband and wife Gabe and Adelaide Wilson take their kids to their beach house expecting to unplug and unwind with friends. But as night descends, their serenity turns to tension and chaos when some shocking visitors arrive uninvited.
Cast: Lupita Nyong'o, Winston Duke, Shahadi Wright Joseph, Evan Alex, Tim Heidecker


Invincible: 2006 | PG | 105 min | 6.981 rating
Inspired by the true story of Vince Papale, a man with nothing to lose who ignored the staggering odds and made his dream come true. When the coach of Papale's beloved hometown football team hosted an unprecedented open tryout, the public consensus was that it was a waste of time – no one good enough to play professional football was going to be found this way.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Greg Kinnear, Elizabeth Banks, Kevin Conway, Michael Rispoli


The Man with the Iron Fists: 2012 | R | 96 min | 5.525 rating
In feudal China, a blacksmith who makes weapons for a small village is put in the position where he must defend himself and his fellow villagers.
Cast: RZA, Russell Crowe, Lucy Liu, Jamie Chung, Zhu Zhu


You Should Have Left: 2020 | R | 93 min | 5.988 rating
In an effort to repair their relationship, a couple books a vacation in the countryside for themselves and their daughter. What starts as a perfect retreat begins to fall apart as one loses their grip on reality, and a sinister force tries to tear them apart.
Cast: Kevin Bacon, Amanda Seyfried, Avery Tiiu Essex, Colin Blumenau, Lowri Ann Richards


After Hours: 1985 | R | 97 min | 7.5 rating
An ordinary word processor has the worst night of his life after he agrees to visit a girl in Soho whom he met that evening at a coffee shop.
Cast: Griffin Dunne, Rosanna Arquette, Linda Fiorentino, Teri Garr, John Heard


Wolf Warrior 2: 2017 | NR | 124 min | 6.602 rating
China's deadliest special forces operative settles into a quiet life on the sea. When sadistic mercenaries begin targeting nearby civilians, he must leave his newfound peace behind and return to his duties as a soldier and protector.
Cast: Wu Jing, Frank Grillo, Celina Jade, Zhang Han, Wu Gang


Sunset Boulevard: 1950 |  | 110 min | 8.332 rating
A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent film star who has faded into Hollywood obscurity.
Cast: William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Erich von Stroheim, Nancy Olson, Fred Clark


Kingdom 2: Far and Away: 2022 |  | 134 min | 7.194 rating
It follows a young man who dreams of becoming a general and Ying Zheng, whose goal is unification.
Cast: Kento Yamazaki, Ryo Yoshizawa, Kanna Hashimoto, Nana Seino, Takao Osawa


Sliding Doors: 1998 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.566 rating
London publicist Helen, effortlessly slides between parallel storylines that show what happens when she does or does not catch a train back to her apartment. Love. Romantic entanglements. Deception. Trust. Friendship. Comedy. All come into focus as the two stories shift back and forth, overlap and surprisingly converge.
Cast: Gwyneth Paltrow, John Hannah, John Lynch, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Zara Turner


Jaws 2: 1978 | PG | 116 min | 6 rating
Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of Amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters.
Cast: Roy Scheider, Lorraine Gary, Murray Hamilton, Joseph Mascolo, Jeffrey Kramer


Confessions of a Dangerous Mind: 2002 | R | 113 min | 6.709 rating
Television made him famous, but his biggest hits happened off screen. Television producer by day, CIA assassin by night, Chuck Barris was recruited by the CIA at the height of his TV career and trained to become a covert operative. Or so Barris said.
Cast: Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, Rutger Hauer


Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit: 2005 | G | 85 min | 7.055 rating
Cheese-loving eccentric Wallace and his cunning canine pal, Gromit, investigate a mystery in Nick Park's animated adventure, in which the lovable inventor and his intrepid pup run a business ridding the town of garden pests. Using only humane methods that turn their home into a halfway house for evicted vermin, the pair stumble upon a mystery involving a voracious vegetarian monster that threatens to ruin the annual veggie-growing contest.
Cast: Peter Sallis, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Carter, Peter Kay, Nicholas Smith


The King's Speech: 2010 | R | 118 min | 7.743 rating
The King's Speech tells the story of the man who became King George VI, the father of Queen Elizabeth II. After his brother abdicates, George ('Bertie') reluctantly assumes the throne. Plagued by a dreaded stutter and considered unfit to be king, Bertie engages the help of an unorthodox speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Through a set of unexpected techniques, and as a result of an unlikely friendship, Bertie is able to find his voice and boldly lead the country into war.
Cast: Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, Helena Bonham Carter, Guy Pearce, Timothy Spall


Little Manhattan: 2005 | PG | 84 min | 7.188 rating
Ten-year-old Gabe was just a normal kid growing up in Manhattan until Rosemary Telesco walked into his life, actually into his karate class. But before Gabe can tell Rosemary how he feels, she tells him she will not be going to public school any more. Gabe has a lot more to learn about life, love, and girls.
Cast: Josh Hutcherson, Charlie Ray, Bradley Whitford, Cynthia Nixon, Willie Garson


Miller's Crossing: 1990 | R | 115 min | 7.455 rating
Set in 1929, a political boss and his advisor have a parting of the ways when they both fall for the same woman.
Cast: Gabriel Byrne, Marcia Gay Harden, Albert Finney, John Turturro, Jon Polito


Bombshell: 2019 | R | 109 min | 6.809 rating
Bombshell is a revealing look inside the most powerful and controversial media empire of all time; and the explosive story of the women who brought down the infamous man who created it.
Cast: Charlize Theron, Nicole Kidman, Margot Robbie, John Lithgow, Allison Janney


Real Genius: 1985 | PG | 106 min | 6.7 rating
Chris is the top brain who just wants to party, Mitch is the 15-year-old college wiz kid. Supposedly hard at work on a lab project with a mysterious deadline, they still find time to use their genius to discover new ways to have fun.
Cast: Val Kilmer, Gabriel Jarret, Michelle Meyrink, William Atherton, Robert Prescott


The Day After Tomorrow: 2004 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.516 rating
After years of increases in the greenhouse effect,  havoc is wreaked globally in the form of catastrophic hurricanes, tornadoes, tidal waves, floods and the beginning of a new Ice Age. Paleoclimatologist, Jack Hall tries to warn the world while also shepherding to safety his son, trapped in New York after the city is overwhelmed by the start of the new big freeze.
Cast: Dennis Quaid, Jake Gyllenhaal, Emmy Rossum, Dash Mihok, Jay O. Sanders


An Extremely Goofy Movie: 2000 | G | 79 min | 6.4 rating
It's all extreme sports and a life of freedom as Max sets off for college -- but Goofy misses Max so much he loses his job and goes to finish college alongside Max and his friends. But as Goofy tries to get closer to Max, both must go to the extreme to learn how to live their own lives together.
Cast: Bill Farmer, Jason Marsden, Jeff Bennett, Jim Cummings, Brad Garrett


Their Finest: 2017 |  | 117 min | 6.7 rating
During the Blitz of World War II, a female screenwriter works on a film celebrating England's resilience as a way to buoy a weary populace's spirits. Her efforts to dramatise the true story of two sisters who undertook their own maritime mission to rescue wounded soldiers are met with mixed feelings by a dismissive all-male staff.
Cast: Gemma Arterton, Sam Claflin, Bill Nighy, Jack Huston, Helen McCrory


Interceptor: 2022 |  | 98 min | 6.111 rating
A U.S. Army Captain uses her years of tactical training to save humanity from sixteen nuclear missiles launched at the U.S. as a violent attack threatens her remote missile interceptor station.
Cast: Elsa Pataky, Luke Bracey, Aaron Glenane, Belinda Jombwe, Mayen Mehta


Dracula 3D: 2012 | NR | 110 min | 3.3 rating
When Englishman Jonathan Harker visits the exotic castle of Count Dracula, he is entranced by the mysterious aristocrat. But upon learning that the count has sinister designs on his wife, Mina, Harker seeks help from vampire slayer Van Helsing.
Cast: Thomas Kretschmann, Asia Argento, Rutger Hauer, Marta Gastini, Unax Ugalde


Never Back Down: 2008 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.749 rating
Jake, full of anger after his father's death, is just starting to find a place for himself at his new Orlando high school - until Ryan, head of an underground MMA fight club, picks Jake out as a prime opponent. After being trounced by Ryan in front of the entire school, Jake begins training under the firm, moral guidance of a MMA master, where he learns how to fight... and how to avoid a fight. But it becomes obvious that a rematch will be inevitable if Jake wants to stop Ryan and his bullying, once and for all.
Cast: Sean Faris, Amber Heard, Cam Gigandet, Djimon Hounsou, Evan Peters


Monkeybone: 2001 | PG-13 | 93 min | 5.113 rating
After a car crash sends repressed cartoonist Stu into a coma, he and the mischievous Monkeybone, his hilarious alter-ego, wake up in a wacked-out waystation for lost souls. When Monkeybone takes over Stu's body and escapes to wreak havoc on the real world, Stu has to find a way to stop him before his sister pulls the plug on reality forever!
Cast: Brendan Fraser, Bridget Fonda, John Turturro, Chris Kattan, Giancarlo Esposito


The Tank: 2023 | R | 100 min | 5.328 rating
In 1978 Oregon, Ben and Jules inherit an abandoned coastal property from Ben's late mother, who's never mentioned it. The untouched house has been kept a secret for 40 years and comes with a beautiful private cove and beach. Jules searches for answers while Ben unwittingly awakens a fiercely protective creature.
Cast: Luciane Buchanan, Matt Whelan, Jaya Beach-Robertson, Mark Mitchinson, Ascia Maybury


I Spit on Your Grave 2: 2013 | R | 106 min | 6.299 rating
Naturally beautiful, Katie has just settled into New York where she, like many other young women, is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped, tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country, Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds, she manages to escape. Severely injured, she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive, but to exact her revenge…
Cast: Jemma Dallender, Joe Absolom, Aleksandar Aleksiev, Yavor Baharov, Mary Stockley


Hamlet: 1996 | PG-13 | 242 min | 7.403 rating
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, returns home to find his father murdered and his mother now marrying the murderer... his uncle. Meanwhile, war is brewing.
Cast: Kenneth Branagh, Derek Jacobi, Kate Winslet, Julie Christie, Richard Briers


High School Musical: 2006 | G | 98 min | 6.6 rating
Troy, the popular captain of the basketball team, and Gabriella, the brainy and beautiful member of the academic club, break all the rules of East High society when they secretly audition for the leads in the school's musical. As they reach for the stars and follow their dreams, everyone learns about acceptance, teamwork, and being yourself.
Cast: Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Lucas Grabeel, Corbin Bleu


Barbarella: 1968 | PG | 98 min | 6 rating
In the far future, a highly sexual woman is tasked with finding and stopping the evil Durand-Durand. Along the way she encounters various unusual people.
Cast: Jane Fonda, John Phillip Law, Anita Pallenberg, Marcel Marceau, Claude Dauphin


The Green Hornet: 2011 | PG-13 | 119 min | 5.574 rating
Britt Reid, the heir to the largest newspaper fortune in Los Angeles, is a spoiled playboy who has been, thus far, happy to lead an aimless life. After his father dies, Britt meets Kato, a resourceful company employee. Realizing that they have the talent and resources to make something of their lives, Britt and Kato join forces as costumed crime-fighters to bring down the city's most-powerful criminal, Chudnofsky.
Cast: Seth Rogen, Jay Chou, Cameron Diaz, Tom Wilkinson, Christoph Waltz


Invasion: 2019 | NR | 129 min | 6.9 rating
Two years after the fall of the alien ship, the life of a young woman from Moscow has been changed forever. Her growing powers are now at the focus of both human and celestial investigation: an alien force takes an interest in her, and will stop short of nothing, including an invasion. Can love and compassion save humanity, when faced with a much greater and more demanding test this time?
Cast: Alexander Petrov, Irina Starshenbaum, Oleg Menshikov, Rinal Mukhametov, Yuriy Borisov


Kramer vs. Kramer: 1979 | PG | 105 min | 7.559 rating
Ted Kramer is a career man for whom his work comes before his family. His wife Joanna cannot take this anymore, so she decides to leave him. Ted is now faced with the tasks of housekeeping and taking care of himself and their young son Billy.
Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Meryl Streep, Jane Alexander, Justin Henry, Howard Duff


Casualties of War: 1989 | R | 113 min | 7.2 rating
During the Vietnam War, a soldier finds himself the outsider of his own squad when they unnecessarily kidnap a female villager.
Cast: Michael J. Fox, Sean Penn, Don Harvey, John C. Reilly, John Leguizamo


Falling for Christmas: 2022 | PG | 95 min | 6.291 rating
An engaged, spoiled hotel heiress finds herself in the care of a handsome, blue-collar lodge owner and his precocious daughter after getting amnesia in a skiing accident.
Cast: Lindsay Lohan, Chord Overstreet, George Young, Jack Wagner, Olivia Perez


Double Jeopardy: 1999 | R | 105 min | 6.5 rating
Framed for the murder of her husband, Libby Parsons survives the long years in prison with two burning desires sustaining her -- finding her son and solving the mystery that destroyed her once-happy life. Standing between her and her quest; however, is her parole officer, Travis Lehman. Libby poses a challenge to the cynical officer, one that forces him to face up to his own failings while pitting him against his superiors and law enforcement colleagues.
Cast: Ashley Judd, Tommy Lee Jones, Bruce Greenwood, Annabeth Gish, Benjamin Weir


Evangelion: 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time: 2021 | R | 155 min | 8.3 rating
In the aftermath of the Fourth Impact, stranded without their Evangelions, Shinji, Asuka and Rei find refuge in one of the rare pockets of humanity that still exist on the ruined planet Earth. There, each lives a life far different from their days as an Evangelion pilot. However, the danger to the world is far from over. A new impact is looming on the horizon—one that will prove to be the true end of Evangelion.
Cast: Megumi Ogata, Yuko Miyamura, Maaya Sakamoto, Megumi Hayashibara, Kotono Mitsuishi


Passengers: 2016 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.937 rating
A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early.
Cast: Chris Pratt, Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Sheen, Laurence Fishburne, Andy García


Tremors: Shrieker Island: 2020 | PG-13 | 103 min | 6.1 rating
Graboids are illegally taken to a new island resort by a rich playboy as a dangerous form of trophy hunting, and Burt Gummer steps up to save the day.
Cast: Michael Gross, Jon Heder, Caroline Langrishe, Cassie Clare, Matthew Douglas


Creep: 2014 | R | 82 min | 6.367 rating
Looking for work, Aaron comes across a cryptic online ad: “$1,000 for the day. Filming service. Discretion is appreciated.” Low on cash and full of naiveté, he decides to go for it. He drives to a cabin in a remote mountain town where he meets Josef, his cinematic subject for the day. Josef is sincere and the project seems heartfelt, so Aaron begins to film. But as the day goes on, it becomes clear that Josef is not who he says, and his intentions are not at all pure.
Cast: Mark Duplass, Patrick Brice, Katie Aselton


The Misfits: 2021 | R | 94 min | 5.483 rating
After being recruited by a group of unconventional thieves, renowned criminal Richard Pace finds himself caught up in an elaborate gold heist that promises to have far-reaching implications on his life and the lives of countless others.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Jamie Chung, Tim Roth, Hermione Corfield, Nick Cannon


Ghostbusters II: 1989 | PG | 108 min | 6.5 rating
Five years after they defeated Gozer, the Ghostbusters are out of business. When Dana begins to have ghost problems again, the boys come out of retirement to aid her and hopefully save New York City from a new paranormal threat.
Cast: Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Sigourney Weaver, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis


Divorce: 2003 | PG-13 | 117 min | 4.938 rating
While visiting her sister in Paris, a young woman finds romance and learns her brother-in-law is a philanderer.
Cast: Kate Hudson, Naomi Watts, Glenn Close, Marie-Christine Adam, Thierry Lhermitte


Wendell & Wild: 2022 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.769 rating
Two demon brothers enlist the aid of Kat Elliot — a tough teen with a load of guilt — to summon them to the Land of the Living. But what Kat demands in return leads to a brilliantly bizarre and comedic adventure like no other.
Cast: Lyric Ross, Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele, Angela Bassett, James Hong


White Men Can't Jump: 2023 | R | 101 min | 6.543 rating
Seemingly opposite street hoopers, Jeremy, an injury prone former star, and Kamal, a has-been prodigy, team up to take one final shot at living out their dreams.
Cast: Jack Harlow, Sinqua Walls, Laura Harrier, Teyana Taylor, Lance Reddick


Captain Fantastic: 2016 | R | 118 min | 7.914 rating
A father living in the forests of the Pacific Northwest with his six young kids tries to assimilate back into society.
Cast: Viggo Mortensen, Samantha Isler, Annalise Basso, Steve Zahn, George MacKay


The Favourite: 2018 | R | 119 min | 7.534 rating
England, early 18th century. The close relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill is threatened by the arrival of Sarah's cousin, Abigail Hill, resulting in a bitter rivalry between the two cousins to be the Queen's favourite.
Cast: Emma Stone, Olivia Colman, Rachel Weisz, Nicholas Hoult, Joe Alwyn


Amélie: 2001 | R | 122 min | 7.905 rating
At a tiny Parisian café, the adorable yet painfully shy Amélie accidentally discovers a gift for helping others. Soon Amelie is spending her days as a matchmaker, guardian angel, and all-around do-gooder. But when she bumps into a handsome stranger, will she find the courage to become the star of her very own love story?
Cast: Audrey Tautou, Mathieu Kassovitz, Rufus, Lorella Cravotta, Serge Merlin


Paper Moon: 1973 | PG | 102 min | 7.859 rating
A bible salesman finds himself saddled with a young girl who may or may not be his daughter, and the two forge an unlikely partnership as a money-making con team in Depression-era Kansas.
Cast: Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, Jessie Lee Fulton


Harry and the Hendersons: 1987 | PG | 110 min | 6.072 rating
Returning from a hunting trip in the forest, the Henderson family's car hits an animal in the road. At first they fear it was a man, but when they examine the "body" they find it's a "bigfoot". They think it's dead so they decide to take it home (there could be some money in this). As you guessed, it isn't dead. Far from being the ferocious monster they fear "Harry" to be, he's a friendly giant.
Cast: John Lithgow, Melinda Dillon, Margaret Langrick, Joshua Rudoy, Kevin Peter Hall


Snow White and the Huntsman: 2012 | PG-13 | 127 min | 5.983 rating
After the Evil Queen marries the King, she performs a violent coup in which the King is murdered and his daughter, Snow White, is taken captive. Almost a decade later, a grown Snow White is still in the clutches of the Queen. In order to obtain immortality, The Evil Queen needs the heart of Snow White. After Snow escapes the castle, the Queen sends the Huntsman to find her in the Dark Forest.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Chris Hemsworth, Charlize Theron, Sam Claflin, Ian McShane


Courage Under Fire: 1996 | R | 116 min | 6.5 rating
A US Army officer, who made a "friendly fire" mistake that was covered up, has been reassigned to a desk job. He is tasked to investigate a female chopper commander's worthiness to be awarded the Medal of Honor. At first all seems in order. But then he begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses...
Cast: Denzel Washington, Meg Ryan, Lou Diamond Phillips, Matt Damon, Michael Moriarty


Near Dark: 1987 | R | 94 min | 6.887 rating
A farm boy reluctantly becomes a member of the undead when a girl he meets turns out to be part of a band of vampires who roam the highways in stolen cars.
Cast: Adrian Pasdar, Jenny Wright, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, Jenette Goldstein


Boogie Nights: 1997 | R | 156 min | 7.6 rating
Set in 1977, back when sex was safe, pleasure was a business and business was booming, idealistic porn producer Jack Horner aspires to elevate his craft to an art form. Horner discovers Eddie Adams, a hot young talent working as a busboy in a nightclub, and welcomes him into the extended family of movie-makers, misfits and hangers-on that are always around. Adams' rise from nobody to a celebrity adult entertainer is meteoric, and soon the whole world seems to know his porn alter ego, "Dirk Diggler". Now, when disco and drugs are in vogue, fashion is in flux and the party never seems to stop, Adams' dreams of turning sex into stardom are about to collide with cold, hard reality.
Cast: Mark Wahlberg, Burt Reynolds, Julianne Moore, John C. Reilly, Heather Graham


A Day to Die: 2022 | R | 101 min | 5.9 rating
A disgraced parole officer is indebted to a local gang leader and forced to pull off a series of dangerous drug heists within twelve hours in order to pay the $2 million dollars he owes, rescue his kidnapped pregnant wife, and settle a score with the city's corrupt police chief, who is working with the gang leader and double-crossed him years ago.
Cast: Kevin Dillon, Bruce Willis, Leon, Frank Grillo, Gianni Capaldi


Starcrash: 1978 | PG | 94 min | 4.111 rating
A pair of smugglers manage to pick up a castaway while running from the authorities, who turns out to be the only survivor from a secret mission to destroy a mysterious superweapon designed by the evil Count Zartharn. The smugglers are soon recruited by the Emperor to complete the mission, as well as to rescue the Emperor's son, who has gone missing.
Cast: Marjoe Gortner, Caroline Munro, Christopher Plummer, David Hasselhoff, Robert Tessier


Clean: 2022 |  | 93 min | 6.404 rating
Tormented by a past life, garbage man Clean attempts a life of quiet redemption. But when his good intentions mark him a target of a local crime boss, Clean is forced to reconcile with the violence of his past.
Cast: Adrien Brody, Glenn Fleshler, Richie Merritt, Chandler Ari DuPont, Mykelti Williamson


Shakespeare in Love: 1998 | R | 123 min | 6.869 rating
Young Shakespeare is forced to stage his latest comedy, "Romeo and Ethel, the Pirate's Daughter," before it's even written. When a lovely noblewoman auditions for a role, they fall into forbidden love -- and his play finds a new life (and title). As their relationship progresses, Shakespeare's comedy soon transforms into tragedy.
Cast: Joseph Fiennes, Gwyneth Paltrow, Geoffrey Rush, Tom Wilkinson, Judi Dench


Fantasia: 1940 | G | 124 min | 7.354 rating
Walt Disney's timeless masterpiece is an extravaganza of sight and sound! See the music come to life, hear the pictures burst into song and experience the excitement that is Fantasia over and over again.
Cast: Deems Taylor, Walt Disney, Julietta Novis, Leopold Stokowski


Doomsday: 2008 | R | 108 min | 5.953 rating
The lethal Reaper virus spreads throughout Britain—infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands. Authorities brutally and successfully quarantine the country but, three decades later, the virus resurfaces in a major city. An elite group of specialists is urgently dispatched into the still-quarantined country to retrieve a cure by any means necessary. Shut off from the rest of the world, the unit must battle through a landscape that has become a waking nightmare.
Cast: Rhona Mitra, Bob Hoskins, Adrian Lester, Alexander Siddig, David O'Hara


Lake Placid: 1999 | R | 82 min | 5.876 rating
When a man is eaten alive by an unknown creature, the local Game Warden teams up with a paleontologist from New York to find the beast. Add to the mix an eccentric philanthropist with a penchant for "Crocs", and here we go! This quiet, remote lake is suddenly the focus of an intense search for a crocodile with a taste for live animals...and people!
Cast: Bill Pullman, Bridget Fonda, Oliver Platt, Brendan Gleeson, Betty White


The Collection: 2012 | R | 82 min | 6.3 rating
Arkin escapes with his life from the vicious grips of "The Collector" during an entrapment party where he adds beautiful Elena to his "Collection." Instead of recovering from the trauma, Arkin is suddenly abducted from the hospital by mercenaries hired by Elena's wealthy father. Arkin is blackmailed to team up with the mercenaries and track down The Collector's booby trapped warehouse and save Elena.
Cast: Josh Stewart, Emma Fitzpatrick, Christopher McDonald, Johanna Braddy, Lee Tergesen


Manhattan Night: 2016 | R | 113 min | 6 rating
Porter Wren is a Manhattan tabloid writer with an appetite for scandal. On the beat he sells murder, tragedy, and anything that passes for the truth. At home, he is a dedicated husband and father. But when Caroline, a seductive stranger asks him to dig into the unsolved murder of her filmmaker husband Simon, he is drawn into a very nasty case of sexual obsession and blackmail--one that threatens his job, his marriage, and his life.
Cast: Adrien Brody, Yvonne Strahovski, Campbell Scott, Jennifer Beals, Steven Berkoff


The November Man: 2014 | R | 108 min | 6.109 rating
An ex-CIA operative is brought back in on a very personal mission and finds himself pitted against his former pupil in a deadly game involving high level CIA officials and the Russian president-elect.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Luke Bracey, Olga Kurylenko, Bill Smitrovich, Amila Terzimehic


He's Just Not That Into You: 2009 | PG-13 | 129 min | 6.532 rating
Remember that really cute girl/guy who said they'd call – and didn't? Maybe they lost your number. Maybe they're in the hospital. Maybe they're awed by your looks, brains or success. Or maybe... They're just not that into you.
Cast: Ginnifer Goodwin, Justin Long, Bradley Cooper, Scarlett Johansson, Jennifer Connelly


One Day as a Lion: 2023 | R | 87 min | 5.7 rating
Jackie Powers will stop at nothing to prevent his son from following him into a life of crime. With his mob employer in pursuit, a chance encounter at a roadside diner charts a new path.
Cast: Scott Caan, Frank Grillo, Virginia Madsen, J.K. Simmons, Taryn Manning


Year One: 2009 | PG-13 | 97 min | 4.955 rating
When a couple of lazy hunter-gatherers are banished from their primitive village, they set off on an epic journey through the ancient world.
Cast: Jack Black, Michael Cera, Oliver Platt, David Cross, Christopher Mintz-Plasse


Siberia: 2018 | R | 105 min | 4.7 rating
Lucas, a diamond trader who travels to Saint Petersburg to arrange a sale, discovers that his Russian business partner has left his hotel and gone to a small Siberian village, so Lucas also heads there to try find him.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Ana Ularu, Pasha D. Lychnikoff, Boris Gulyarin, Ashley St. George


Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant: 2009 | PG-13 | 109 min | 5.759 rating
Darren Shan is a regular teenage kid. He and his friend Steve find out about a Freak Show coming to town and work hard at trying to find tickets. They do, and together they go to "Cirque du Freak" where they see many strange acts including a wolf-man and a bearded lady
Cast: Chris Massoglia, John C. Reilly, Josh Hutcherson, Patrick Fugit, Salma Hayek Pinault


American Pastoral: 2016 | R | 108 min | 6.153 rating
Set in postwar America, a man watches his seemingly perfect life fall apart as his daughter's new political affiliation threatens to destroy their family.
Cast: Ewan McGregor, Jennifer Connelly, Dakota Fanning, David Strathairn, Peter Riegert


Kickboxer: Retaliation: 2018 |  | 110 min | 5.4 rating
One year after the events of "Kickboxer: Vengeance", Kurt Sloan has vowed never to return to Thailand. However, while gearing up for a MMA title shot, he finds himself sedated and forced back into Thailand, this time in prison. He is there because the ones responsible want him to face a 6'8" 400 lbs. beast named Mongkut and in return for the fight, Kurt will get two million dollars and his freedom back. Kurt at first refuses, in which a bounty is placed on his head as a way to force him to face Mongkut. Kurt soon learns he will have no other choice and will undergo his most rigorous training yet under some unexpected mentors in order to face Mongkut in hopes to regain his freedom.
Cast: Alain Moussi, Christophe Lambert, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Mike Tyson, Sara Malakul Lane


Shaolin Soccer: 2001 | PG | 113 min | 7.081 rating
A young Shaolin follower reunites with his discouraged brothers to form a soccer team using their martial art skills to their advantage.
Cast: Stephen Chow, Zhao Wei, Ng Man-tat, Patrick Tse Yin, Vincent Kok


Alone: 2020 |  | 98 min | 6.311 rating
A recently widowed traveler is kidnapped by a cold blooded killer, only to escape into the wilderness where she is forced to battle against the elements as her pursuer closes in on her.
Cast: Jules Willcox, Marc Menchaca, Anthony Heald, Jonathan Rosenthal, Katie O’Grady


The Marine: 2006 | PG-13 | 92 min | 5.9 rating
A group of diamond thieves on the run kidnap the wife of a recently discharged marine who goes on a chase through the South Carolinian wilderness to retrieve her.
Cast: John Cena, Kelly Carlson, Robert Patrick, Abigail Bianca, Christina Lindley


The Lost King: 2022 | PG-13 | 108 min | 6.5 rating
An amateur historian defies the academic establishment in her efforts to find King Richard III's remains, which were lost for over 500 years.
Cast: Sally Hawkins, Steve Coogan, Harry Lloyd, Mark Addy, James Fleet


Marrowbone: 2017 | R | 111 min | 7.213 rating
A young man and his three younger siblings are plagued by a sinister presence in the sprawling manor in which they live.
Cast: George MacKay, Anya Taylor-Joy, Charlie Heaton, Mia Goth, Matthew Stagg


Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows: 2011 | PG-13 | 129 min | 7.134 rating
There is a new criminal mastermind at large (Professor Moriarty) and not only is he Holmes’ intellectual equal, but his capacity for evil and lack of conscience may give him an advantage over the  detective.
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law, Noomi Rapace, Jared Harris, Rachel McAdams


Children of the Corn V: Fields of Terror: 1998 | R | 83 min | 4 rating
Six college students take a wrong turn and find themselves lost in a strangely deserted rural town... only to discover that this deceptively quiet place hides a murderous cult of children.
Cast: Stacy Galina, Alexis Arquette, Eva Mendes, Greg Vaughan, Angela Jones


Daylight: 1996 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.082 rating
A group of armed robbers fleeing the police head for the New Jersey Tunnel and run right into trucks transporting toxic waste. The spectacular explosion that follows results in both ends of the tunnel collapsing and the handful of people who survived the explosion are now in peril. Kit Latura is the only man with the skill and knowledge to lead the band of survivors out of the tunnel before the structure collapses.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Amy Brenneman, Viggo Mortensen, Stan Shaw, Barry Newman


Room: 2015 | R | 118 min | 8.03 rating
Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time.
Cast: Brie Larson, Jacob Tremblay, Joan Allen, William H. Macy, Sean Bridgers


Jingle Jangle: A Christmas Journey: 2020 | PG | 122 min | 6.64 rating
An imaginary world comes to life in a holiday tale of an eccentric toymaker, his adventurous granddaughter, and a magical invention that has the power to change their lives forever.
Cast: Forest Whitaker, Keegan-Michael Key, Hugh Bonneville, Anika Noni Rose, Madalen Mills


Magic Camp: 2020 | PG | 100 min | 6.9 rating
Andy, at the urging of his former mentor and Magic Camp owner Roy Preston, returns to the camp of his youth hoping to reignite his career. Instead, he finds inspiration in his ragtag bunch of rookie magicians.
Cast: Adam Devine, Jeffrey Tambor, Gillian Jacobs, Nathaniel Logan McIntyre, Cole Sand


Ocean Waves: 1994 | PG | 72 min | 6.4 rating
At Kichijōji Station, Tokyo, Taku Morisaki glimpses a familiar woman on the platform opposite boarding a train. Later, her photo falls from a shelf as he exits his apartment before flying to Kōchi Prefecture. Picking it up, he looks at it briefly before leaving. As the aeroplane takes off, he narrates the events that brought her into his life...
Cast: Nobuo Tobita, Youko Sakamoto, Toshihiko Seki, Yuri Amano, Kae Araki


Dora and the Lost City of Gold: 2019 | PG | 102 min | 6.7 rating
Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization.
Cast: Isabela Merced, Jeffrey Wahlberg, Madeleine Madden, Eugenio Derbez, Michael Peña


The Girl on the Train: 2016 | R | 112 min | 6.435 rating
Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds.
Cast: Emily Blunt, Rebecca Ferguson, Haley Bennett, Justin Theroux, Luke Evans


The Eagle: 2011 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.226 rating
In 140 AD, twenty years after the unexplained disappearance of the entire Ninth Legion in the mountains of Scotland, young centurion Marcus Aquila arrives from Rome to solve the mystery and restore the reputation of his father, the commander of the Ninth. Accompanied only by his British slave Esca, Marcus sets out across Hadrian's Wall into the uncharted highlands of Caledonia - to confront its savage tribes, make peace with his father's memory, and retrieve the lost legion's golden emblem, the Eagle of the Ninth.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Mark Strong, Jamie Bell, Donald Sutherland, Denis O'Hare


Words Bubble Up Like Soda Pop: 2021 | PG | 88 min | 7.399 rating
After meeting one day, a shy boy who expresses himself through haiku and a bubbly but self-conscious girl share a brief, magical summer.
Cast: Ichikawa Somegorō VIII, Hana Sugisaki, Megumi Han, Natsuki Hanae, Yuuichirou Umehara


People Like Us: 2012 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.793 rating
After flying home to L.A. for the funeral of his estranged record-producer father, a struggling man discovers that the will stipulates that he must deliver $150,000 in cash to a 30-year-old alcoholic sister he never knew existed, and her troubled 12-year-old son.
Cast: Chris Pine, Elizabeth Banks, Olivia Wilde, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mark Duplass


My Bloody Valentine: 2009 | R | 101 min | 5.5 rating
Ten years ago, a tragedy changed the town of Harmony forever. Tom Hanniger, an inexperienced coal miner, caused an accident in the tunnels that trapped and killed five men and sent the only survivor, Harry Warden, into a permanent coma. But Harry Warden wanted revenge. Exactly one year later, on Valentine’s Day, he woke up…and brutally murdered twenty-two people with a pickaxe before being killed.
Cast: Jensen Ackles, Jaime King, Kerr Smith, Betsy Rue, Edi Gathegi


Mirror Mirror: 2012 | PG | 106 min | 5.916 rating
After she spends all her money, an evil enchantress queen schemes to marry a handsome, wealthy prince. There's just one problem - he's in love with a beautiful princess, Snow White. Now, joined by seven rebellious dwarves, Snow White launches an epic battle of good vs. evil...
Cast: Lily Collins, Julia Roberts, Armie Hammer, Nathan Lane, Martin Klebba


Mannequin: 1987 | PG | 89 min | 6.8 rating
Jonathan Switcher, an unemployed artist, finds a job as an assistant window dresser for a department store. When Jonathan happens upon a beautiful mannequin he previously designed, she springs to life and introduces herself as Emmy, an Egyptian under an ancient spell. Despite interference from the store's devious manager, Jonathan and his mannequin fall in love while creating eye-catching window displays to keep the struggling store in business.
Cast: Andrew McCarthy, Kim Cattrall, Estelle Getty, James Spader, G.W. Bailey


Push: 2009 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.156 rating
After his father, an assassin, is brutally murdered, Nick Gant vows revenge on Division, the covert government agency that dabbles in psychic warfare and experimental drugs. Hiding in Hong Kong's underworld, Nick assembles a band of rogue psychics dedicated to destroying Division. Together with Cassie, a teenage clairvoyant, Nick goes in search of a missing girl and a stolen suitcase that could be the key to accomplishing their mutual goal.
Cast: Chris Evans, Dakota Fanning, Camilla Belle, Djimon Hounsou, Cliff Curtis


Last Night: 2010 | R | 93 min | 6.131 rating
The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Sam Worthington, Eva Mendes, Guillaume Canet, Griffin Dunne


What Happens in Vegas: 2008 | PG-13 | 99 min | 6.091 rating
During a wild vacation in Las Vegas, career woman Joy McNally and playboy Jack Fuller come to the sober realization that they have married each other after a night of drunken abandon. They are then compelled, for legal reasons, to live life as a couple for a limited period of time. At stake is a large amount of money.
Cast: Cameron Diaz, Ashton Kutcher, Rob Corddry, Lake Bell, Jason Sudeikis


What's Your Number?: 2011 | R | 106 min | 6.504 rating
Ally Darling is realizing she's a little lost in life. Her latest romance has just fizzled out, and she's just been fired from her marketing job. Then she reads an eye-opening magazine article that warns that 96 percent of women who've been with 20 or more lovers are unlikely to find a husband. Determined to turn her life around and prove the article wrong, Ally embarks on a mission to find the perfect mate from among her numerous ex-boyfriends.
Cast: Anna Faris, Chris Evans, Ari Graynor, Blythe Danner, Ed Begley Jr.


House Party: 2023 | R | 100 min | 5.7 rating
Aspiring club promoters and best buds Damon and Kevin are barely keeping things together. Out of money, down on their luck and about to lose the roofs over their heads—and freshly fired from their low-lift jobs as house cleaners—the pair needs a huge windfall to make their problems go away. In a ‘what the hell?’ move, they decide to host the party of the year at an exclusive mansion, the site of their last cleaning job, which just happens to belong to none other than LeBron James. No permission? No problem. What could go wrong?
Cast: Jacob Latimore, Tosin Cole, Karen Obilom, D.C. Young Fly, Shakira Ja'nai Paye


The Vanishing: 2019 | R | 108 min | 5.727 rating
Three lighthouse keepers on an uninhabited island off the coast of Scotland discover something that isn't theirs to keep.
Cast: Gerard Butler, Peter Mullan, Connor Swindells, Søren Malling, Ólafur Darri Ólafsson


Living: 2022 |  | 102 min | 7.04 rating
London, 1953. Mr. Williams, a veteran civil servant, is an important cog within the city's bureaucracy as it struggles to rebuild in the aftermath of World War II. Buried under paperwork at the office and lonely at home, his life has long felt empty and meaningless. Then a devastating medical diagnosis forces him to take stock, and to try and grasp some fulfilment before it passes permanently beyond reach.
Cast: Bill Nighy, Aimee Lou Wood, Alex Sharp, Tom Burke, Adrian Rawlins


House of Wax: 2005 | R | 113 min | 5.942 rating
A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit.
Cast: Elisha Cuthbert, Chad Michael Murray, Brian Van Holt, Paris Hilton, Jared Padalecki


Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge: 1995 | G | 190 min | 8.547 rating
Raj is a rich, carefree, happy-go-lucky second generation NRI. Simran is the daughter of Chaudhary Baldev Singh, who in spite of being an NRI is very strict about adherence to Indian values. Simran has left for India to be married to her childhood fiancé. Raj leaves for India with a mission at his hands, to claim his lady love under the noses of her whole family. Thus begins a saga.
Cast: Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Amrish Puri, Anupam Kher, Satish Shah


Sonic Drone Home: 2022 |  | 6 min | 7.141 rating
Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles encounter an abandoned Badnik drone which upgraded itself using parts from a junkyard, with the intention of conquering the world.
Cast: Ben Schwartz, Fred Tatasciore, Alicyn Packard, Aaron Landon


Tarzan II: 2005 | G | 72 min | 6.05 rating
When one of his missteps puts his family in jeopardy, Tarzan decides they would be better off without him.
Cast: Harrison Chad, George Carlin, Brad Garrett, Ron Perlman, Estelle Harris


The Empire Strikes Back: 1980 | PG | 124 min | 8.4 rating
The epic saga continues as Luke Skywalker, in hopes of defeating the evil Galactic Empire, learns the ways of the Jedi from aging master Yoda. But Darth Vader is more determined than ever to capture Luke. Meanwhile, rebel leader Princess Leia, cocky Han Solo, Chewbacca, and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 are thrown into various stages of capture, betrayal and despair.
Cast: Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels


Bad Education: 2019 |  | 108 min | 6.756 rating
A superintendent of a school district works for the betterment of the student’s education when an embezzlement scheme is discovered, threatening to destroy everything.
Cast: Hugh Jackman, Allison Janney, Geraldine Viswanathan, Alex Wolff, Rafael Casal


Savage Salvation: 2022 | R | 101 min | 6.486 rating
Newly engaged Shelby John and Ruby Red want a fresh start after their struggles with addiction, but when Shelby discovers his beloved Ruby dead on their porch, he embarks on a vengeful killing spree of the dealers who supplied her. Armed with nothing but adrenaline and a nail gun, Shelby begins to unleash chaos on the town’s criminal underbelly, as he hunt’s down crime lord Coyote. Sheriff Church must race against the clock to put an end to Shelby's vigilante justice before the entire town descends into a bloodbath.
Cast: Jack Huston, Robert De Niro, John Malkovich, Willa Fitzgerald, Quavo


Beetlejuice 2: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating

Cast: Michael Keaton, Jenna Ortega, Winona Ryder, Catherine O'Hara, Willem Dafoe


Momentum: 2015 | NR | 96 min | 5.7 rating
When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret past, accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist, she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers.  Armed with her own set of lethal skills, Alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth.
Cast: Olga Kurylenko, Morgan Freeman, James Purefoy, Jenna Saras, Lee-Anne Summers


The Moon: 2023 | NR | 129 min | 6.9 rating
In 2029, Korea's lunar probe Woori embarks on a historic journey to the moon, capturing global attention.
Cast: Sol Kyung-gu, Doh Kyung-soo, Kim Hee-ae, Park Byung-eun, Jo Han-chul


Land of the Dead: 2005 | R | 93 min | 6.196 rating
The world is full of zombies and the survivors have barricaded themselves inside a walled city to keep out the living dead. As the wealthy hide out in skyscrapers and chaos rules the streets, the rest of the survivors must find a way to stop the evolving zombies from breaking into the city.
Cast: Robin Ward, Bryan Renfro, Simon Baker, John Leguizamo, Dennis Hopper


The Wicker Man: 1973 | R | 88 min | 7.37 rating
Police sergeant Neil Howie is called to an island village in search of a missing girl whom the locals claim never existed. Stranger still, however, are the rituals that take place there.
Cast: Edward Woodward, Christopher Lee, Britt Ekland, Ingrid Pitt, Diane Cilento


Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk: 2016 | R | 113 min | 6 rating
19-year-old Billy Lynn is brought home for a victory tour after a harrowing Iraq battle. Through flashbacks the film shows what really happened to his squad – contrasting the realities of war with America's perceptions.
Cast: Joe Alwyn, Kristen Stewart, Chris Tucker, Garrett Hedlund, Vin Diesel


PAW Patrol: Mighty Pups: 2018 | G | 44 min | 7.507 rating
When their latest scheme goes awry, Mayor Humdinger and his nephew Harold accidentally divert a meteor towards Adventure Bay. The meteor's golden energy grants the PAW Patrol superpowers. The heroic Mighty Pups are on a roll to super-save the day.
Cast: Max Calinescu, Devan Cohen, Drew Davis, Samuel Faraci, Kallan Holley


Alfie: 2004 | R | 103 min | 5.796 rating
In Manhattan, the British limousine driver Alfie is surrounded by beautiful women, having one night stands with all of them and without any sort of commitment. His best friends are his colleague Marlon and his girl-friend Lonette. Alfie has a brief affair with Lonette, and the consequences force Alfie to reflect on his lifestyle.
Cast: Jude Law, Marisa Tomei, Omar Epps, Jane Krakowski, Renée Taylor


Black Book: 2006 | R | 145 min | 7.48 rating
In the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World War II, a Jewish singer infiltrates the regional Gestapo headquarters for the Dutch resistance.
Cast: Carice van Houten, Sebastian Koch, Thom Hoffman, Halina Reijn, Waldemar Kobus


Dead Man Down: 2013 | R | 118 min | 6.168 rating
In New York City, a crime lord's right-hand man is seduced by a woman seeking retribution.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Noomi Rapace, Terrence Howard, Dominic Cooper, Isabelle Huppert


The Stuff: 1985 | R | 87 min | 5.924 rating
Amalgamated Dairies hires David Rutherford, an FBI man turned industrial saboteur, to investigate a popular new product called “the Stuff,” a new dessert product that is blowing ice cream sales out of the water. Nobody knows how it’s made or what’s in it, but people are lining up to buy it. It's got a delicious flavor to die for!
Cast: Michael Moriarty, Andrea Marcovicci, Garrett Morris, Paul Sorvino, Scott Bloom


Junior: 1994 | PG-13 | 109 min | 5.171 rating
A research scientist becomes the world's first pregnant man in order to test a drug he and a colleague have designed for expectant women. To carry out the trial, he has an embryo implant, believing that he will only carry the baby for three months – hardly expecting to face the prospect of giving birth.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Danny DeVito, Emma Thompson, Frank Langella, Pamela Reed


Barton Fink: 1991 | R | 117 min | 7.458 rating
A renowned New York playwright is enticed to California to write for the movies and discovers the hellish truth of Hollywood.
Cast: John Turturro, John Goodman, Judy Davis, Michael Lerner, Tony Shalhoub


Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip: 2015 | PG | 92 min | 6.024 rating
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal.
Cast: Jason Lee, Justin Long, Bella Thorne, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney


Locked In: 2023 | R | 96 min | 5.6 rating
A kindly nurse tries to unlock the secrets of a coma patient's injuries — and discovers the bitter rivalry, infidelity, betrayal and murder behind them.
Cast: Famke Janssen, Rose Williams, Alex Hassell, Finn Cole, Anna Friel


Underworld: Awakening: 2012 | R | 88 min | 6.301 rating
Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival.
Cast: Kate Beckinsale, Stephen Rea, Michael Ealy, Theo James, India Eisley


Hang 'em High: 1968 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.839 rating
Marshall Jed Cooper survives a hanging, vowing revenge on the lynch mob that left him dangling. To carry out his oath for vengeance, he returns to his former job as a lawman. Before long, he's caught up with the nine men on his hit list and starts dispensing his own brand of Wild West justice.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Inger Stevens, Ed Begley, Pat Hingle, Ben Johnson


Gabriel's Redemption: Part 1: 2023 |  | 110 min | 6.9 rating
After leaving his prestigious post at the University of Toronto, Gabriel embarks on a new journey with Julia, and he is eager to become a father.  However, Gabriel's idyllic vision is jeopardized when Julia's intensive program becomes all consuming. When Julia is granted a prestigious opportunity to deliver an academic lecture at Oxford, Gabriel challenges her about the subject of her presentation, which clashes with his own research.  In Oxford, their past resurfaces, including an old nemesis determined to humiliate Julia and expose one of Gabriel's well-guarded secrets. Emotions run high, alliances are tested, and the couple must confront the shadows of their shared history in a battle for love, truth, and redemption.
Cast: Giulio Berruti, Melanie Zanetti, Julia Barrett-Mitchell, Margaux Brooke, Malachy Cleary


Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The Spengler family returns to where it all started – the iconic New York City firehouse – to team up with the original Ghostbusters, who've developed a top-secret research lab to take busting ghosts to the next level. But when the discovery of an ancient artifact unleashes an evil force, Ghostbusters new and old must join forces to protect their home and save the world from a second Ice Age.
Cast: Mckenna Grace, Finn Wolfhard, Paul Rudd, Carrie Coon, Kumail Nanjiani


The Family Man: 2000 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.77 rating
Jack's lavish, fast-paced lifestyle changes one Christmas night when he stumbles into a grocery store holdup and disarms the gunman. The next morning he wakes up in bed lying next to Kate, his college sweetheart he left in order to pursue his career, and to the horrifying discovery that his former life no longer exists. As he stumbles through this alternate suburban universe, Jack finds himself at a crossroad where he must choose between his high-power career and the woman he loves.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Téa Leoni, Don Cheadle, Jeremy Piven, Saul Rubinek


Silver Bullet: 1985 | R | 95 min | 6.532 rating
The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by a series of sadistic murders. The population fears that this is the work of a maniac. During a search a mysterious, hairy creature is observed. This strange appearance is noticed once a month. People lock themselves up at night, but there's one boy who's still outside, he's preparing the barbecue.
Cast: Gary Busey, Everett McGill, Tovah Feldshuh, Megan Follows, Corey Haim


Lou: 2022 | R | 107 min | 6.578 rating
A young girl is kidnapped during a powerful storm. Her mother joins forces with her mysterious neighbour to set off in pursuit of the kidnapper. Their journey will test their limits and expose the dark secrets of their past.
Cast: Allison Janney, Jurnee Smollett, Logan Marshall-Green, Ridley Asha Bateman, Matt Craven


Descendants: The Royal Wedding: 2021 | G | 22 min | 6.8 rating
Happily-ever-after continues for Auradon's power couple as they prepare to say "I do" at an epic celebration with their friends and family, but Hades threatens to ruin it all.
Cast: Dove Cameron, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, Mitchell Hope, Sarah Jeffery


Leo: 2023 | NR | 163 min | 7.4 rating
A mild-mannered man becomes a local hero through an act of violence, but it brings forth consequences with connection to a dangerous world, one which will shake his carefully constructed life to its very core.
Cast: Vijay, Sanjay Dutt, Arjun Sarja, Trisha Krishnan, Gautham Vasudev Menon


Junior: 1994 | PG-13 | 109 min | 5.171 rating
A research scientist becomes the world's first pregnant man in order to test a drug he and a colleague have designed for expectant women. To carry out the trial, he has an embryo implant, believing that he will only carry the baby for three months – hardly expecting to face the prospect of giving birth.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Danny DeVito, Emma Thompson, Frank Langella, Pamela Reed


Barton Fink: 1991 | R | 117 min | 7.458 rating
A renowned New York playwright is enticed to California to write for the movies and discovers the hellish truth of Hollywood.
Cast: John Turturro, John Goodman, Judy Davis, Michael Lerner, Tony Shalhoub


Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip: 2015 | PG | 92 min | 6.024 rating
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal.
Cast: Jason Lee, Justin Long, Bella Thorne, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney


Locked In: 2023 | R | 96 min | 5.6 rating
A kindly nurse tries to unlock the secrets of a coma patient's injuries — and discovers the bitter rivalry, infidelity, betrayal and murder behind them.
Cast: Famke Janssen, Rose Williams, Alex Hassell, Finn Cole, Anna Friel


Underworld: Awakening: 2012 | R | 88 min | 6.301 rating
Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival.
Cast: Kate Beckinsale, Stephen Rea, Michael Ealy, Theo James, India Eisley


Hang 'em High: 1968 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.839 rating
Marshall Jed Cooper survives a hanging, vowing revenge on the lynch mob that left him dangling. To carry out his oath for vengeance, he returns to his former job as a lawman. Before long, he's caught up with the nine men on his hit list and starts dispensing his own brand of Wild West justice.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Inger Stevens, Ed Begley, Pat Hingle, Ben Johnson


Gabriel's Redemption: Part 1: 2023 |  | 110 min | 6.9 rating
After leaving his prestigious post at the University of Toronto, Gabriel embarks on a new journey with Julia, and he is eager to become a father.  However, Gabriel's idyllic vision is jeopardized when Julia's intensive program becomes all consuming. When Julia is granted a prestigious opportunity to deliver an academic lecture at Oxford, Gabriel challenges her about the subject of her presentation, which clashes with his own research.  In Oxford, their past resurfaces, including an old nemesis determined to humiliate Julia and expose one of Gabriel's well-guarded secrets. Emotions run high, alliances are tested, and the couple must confront the shadows of their shared history in a battle for love, truth, and redemption.
Cast: Giulio Berruti, Melanie Zanetti, Julia Barrett-Mitchell, Margaux Brooke, Malachy Cleary


Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The Spengler family returns to where it all started – the iconic New York City firehouse – to team up with the original Ghostbusters, who've developed a top-secret research lab to take busting ghosts to the next level. But when the discovery of an ancient artifact unleashes an evil force, Ghostbusters new and old must join forces to protect their home and save the world from a second Ice Age.
Cast: Mckenna Grace, Finn Wolfhard, Paul Rudd, Carrie Coon, Kumail Nanjiani


The Family Man: 2000 | PG-13 | 125 min | 6.77 rating
Jack's lavish, fast-paced lifestyle changes one Christmas night when he stumbles into a grocery store holdup and disarms the gunman. The next morning he wakes up in bed lying next to Kate, his college sweetheart he left in order to pursue his career, and to the horrifying discovery that his former life no longer exists. As he stumbles through this alternate suburban universe, Jack finds himself at a crossroad where he must choose between his high-power career and the woman he loves.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Téa Leoni, Don Cheadle, Jeremy Piven, Saul Rubinek


Silver Bullet: 1985 | R | 95 min | 6.532 rating
The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by a series of sadistic murders. The population fears that this is the work of a maniac. During a search a mysterious, hairy creature is observed. This strange appearance is noticed once a month. People lock themselves up at night, but there's one boy who's still outside, he's preparing the barbecue.
Cast: Gary Busey, Everett McGill, Tovah Feldshuh, Megan Follows, Corey Haim


Lou: 2022 | R | 107 min | 6.578 rating
A young girl is kidnapped during a powerful storm. Her mother joins forces with her mysterious neighbour to set off in pursuit of the kidnapper. Their journey will test their limits and expose the dark secrets of their past.
Cast: Allison Janney, Jurnee Smollett, Logan Marshall-Green, Ridley Asha Bateman, Matt Craven


Descendants: The Royal Wedding: 2021 | G | 22 min | 6.8 rating
Happily-ever-after continues for Auradon's power couple as they prepare to say "I do" at an epic celebration with their friends and family, but Hades threatens to ruin it all.
Cast: Dove Cameron, Sofia Carson, Booboo Stewart, Mitchell Hope, Sarah Jeffery


Leo: 2023 | NR | 163 min | 7.4 rating
A mild-mannered man becomes a local hero through an act of violence, but it brings forth consequences with connection to a dangerous world, one which will shake his carefully constructed life to its very core.
Cast: Vijay, Sanjay Dutt, Arjun Sarja, Trisha Krishnan, Gautham Vasudev Menon


Dragonball Evolution: 2009 | PG | 85 min | 2.887 rating
On his 18th birthday, Goku receives a mystical Dragonball as a gift from his grandfather. There are only six others like it in the whole world, and legend has it that whoever possesses all seven will be granted one perfect wish. When the arrival of a dark force triggers a tragedy, Goku and his companions are propelled into an epic quest to collect the seven Dragonballs and save the Earth from destruction.
Cast: Justin Chatwin, Chow Yun-fat, Joon Park, Jamie Chung, Emmy Rossum


The Green Inferno: 2013 | R | 100 min | 5.694 rating
A group of student activists travel from New York City to the Amazon to save the rainforest.  However, once they arrive in this vast green landscape, they soon discover that they are not alone… and that no good deed goes unpunished.
Cast: Lorenza Izzo, Ariel Levy, Sky Ferreira, Ramón Llao, Daryl Sabara


The Swing of Things: 2020 | R | 93 min | 4.9 rating
Bad weather diverts Tom and Laura Jane from their Bahamas dream wedding. So, with friends, parents, and Laura's protective big brother, they land at a mystery hotel in Jamaica—which turns out to be a swinger's resort! Can the innocent couple avoid the nonstop booze, weed, naked bodies, and lusty dolphins long enough to make it to the altar?
Cast: Chord Overstreet, Olivia Culpo, Luke Wilson, Aleksander Vayshelboym, Adelaide Kane


Black Butterfly: 2017 | R | 93 min | 6.228 rating
Paul is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter who picks up a drifter and offers him a place to stay. However, when the deranged stranger takes Paul hostage and forces him to write, their unhinged relationship brings buried secrets to light.
Cast: Antonio Banderas, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Piper Perabo, Abel Ferrara, Nicholas Aaron


Christine: 1983 | R | 110 min | 6.856 rating
Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls for Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic automobile to her former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence turns to arrogance behind the wheel of his exotic beauty. Arnie's girlfriend Leigh and best friend Dennis reach out to him, only to be met by a Fury like no other.
Cast: Keith Gordon, John Stockwell, Alexandra Paul, Robert Prosky, Harry Dean Stanton


Tank Girl: 1995 | R | 98 min | 5.388 rating
After a comet disrupts the rain cycle of Earth, the planet has become a desolate, barren desert by the year 2033. With resources scarce, Kesslee — head of the powerful and evil Water & Power Corporation, the de facto government — has taken control of the water supply. Unwilling to cower under Kesslee's tyrannical rule, a pair of outlaws known as Tank Girl and Jet Girl rise up, joining the mysterious rebel Rippers to destroy the corrupt system.
Cast: Lori Petty, Malcolm McDowell, Ice-T, Naomi Watts, Jeff Kober


Color of Night: 1994 | R | 121 min | 5.8 rating
A color-blind psychiatrist is stalked by an unknown killer after taking over his murdered friend's therapy group and becomes embroiled in an intense affair with a mysterious woman who may be connected to the crime.
Cast: Bruce Willis, Jane March, Rubén Blades, Lesley Ann Warren, Scott Bakula


Rollerball: 1975 | R | 125 min | 6.207 rating
In a corporate-controlled future, an ultra-violent sport known as Rollerball represents the world, and one of its powerful athletes is out to defy those who want him out of the game.
Cast: James Caan, John Houseman, Maud Adams, John Beck, Moses Gunn


In the Valley of Elah: 2007 | R | 124 min | 6.766 rating
A career officer and his wife work with a police detective to uncover the truth behind their son's disappearance following his return from a tour of duty in Iraq.
Cast: Tommy Lee Jones, Charlize Theron, Susan Sarandon, Frances Fisher, James Franco


A Clockwork Orange: 1971 | NC-17 | 137 min | 8.213 rating
In a near-future Britain, young Alexander DeLarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. When not destroying the lives of others, Alex swoons to the music of Beethoven. The state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated Alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that'll rob him of all personal agency. In a time when conscience is a commodity, can Alex change his tune?
Cast: Malcolm McDowell, Patrick Magee, Adrienne Corri, Miriam Karlin, Michael Bates


Operation Christmas Drop: 2020 |  | 95 min | 6.452 rating
While gathering evidence to support closing a tropical U.S. Air Force base, a congressional aide warms to its generous captain.
Cast: Kat Graham, Alexander Ludwig, Virginia Madsen, Janet Kidder, Jeffrey Joseph


Robot Overlords: 2014 | PG-13 | 90 min | 4.9 rating
Earth has been conquered by robots from another galaxy and the human survivors must stay in their homes, or risk incineration.
Cast: Ben Kingsley, Gillian Anderson, Callan McAuliffe, Ella Hunt, Milo Parker


Burlesque: 2010 | PG-13 | 119 min | 7.19 rating
Ali leaves behind a troubled life and follows her dreams to Los Angeles, where she lands a job as a cocktail waitress at the Burlesque Lounge, a once-majestic theater that houses an inspired musical revue. Vowing to perform there, she makes the leap from bar to stage, helping restore the club's former glory.
Cast: Cher, Christina Aguilera, Eric Dane, Cam Gigandet, Julianne Hough


Desperate Riders: 2022 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6 rating
After Kansas Red rescues young Billy from a card-game shootout, the boy asks Red for help protecting his family from the outlaw Thorn, who’s just kidnapped Billy’s mother, Carol. As Red and Billy ride off to rescue Carol, they run into beautiful, tough-as-nails Leslie, who’s managed to escape Thorn’s men. The three race to stop Thorn’s wedding to Carol with guns a-blazing - but does she want to be rescued?
Cast: Drew Waters, Trace Adkins, Tom Berenger, Vanessa Evigan, Sam Ashby


Dance Flick: 2009 | PG-13 | 83 min | 4.7 rating
Street dancer, Thomas Uncles is from the wrong side of the tracks, but his bond with the beautiful Megan White might help the duo realize their dreams as they enter in the mother of all dance battles.
Cast: Shoshana Bush, Damon Wayans Jr., Essence Atkins, Chris Elliott, David Alan Grier


American Me: 1992 | R | 125 min | 7.369 rating
During his 18 years in Folsom Prison, street-gang leader Santana rules over all the drug-and-murder activities behind bars. Upon his release, Santana goes back to his old neighborhood, intending to lead a peaceful, crime-free life. But his old gang buddies force him back into his old habits.
Cast: Edward James Olmos, William Forsythe, Pepe Serna, Panchito Gómez, Steve Wilcox


Speed Racer: 2008 | PG | 135 min | 6.3 rating
Speed Racer is a young and brilliant racing driver. When corruption in the racing leagues costs his brother his life, Speed must team up with the police and the mysterious Racer X to bring an end to the corruption and criminal activities.
Cast: Emile Hirsch, Christina Ricci, John Goodman, Susan Sarandon, Matthew Fox


Balto II: Wolf Quest: 2002 | G | 75 min | 6.3 rating
Balto and his daughter Aleu embark on a journey of adventure and self discovery.
Cast: Maurice LaMarche, Jodi Benson, Lacey Chabert, David Carradine, Mark Hamill


Marley & Me: 2008 | PG | 115 min | 7.201 rating
A newly married couple, in the process of starting a family, learn many of life's important lessons from their trouble-loving retriever, Marley. Packed with plenty of laughs to lighten the load, the film explores the highs and lows of marriage, maturity and confronting one's own mortality, as seen through the lens of family life with a dog.
Cast: Owen Wilson, Jennifer Aniston, Eric Dane, Kathleen Turner, Alan Arkin


Jem and the Holograms: 2015 | PG | 119 min | 5.545 rating
As a small-town girl catapults from underground video sensation to global superstar, she and her three sisters begin a one-in-a-million journey of discovering that some talents are too special to keep hidden. Four aspiring musicians will take the world by storm when they see that the key to creating your own destiny lies in finding your own voice.
Cast: Aubrey Peeples, Stefanie Scott, Hayley Kiyoko, Aurora Perrineau, Ryan Guzman


First Love: 2022 |  | 95 min | 5.7 rating
A young man’s difficult entry into adulthood, who experiences the highs and lows of his first love, while dealing with the familial fallout spurred by the financial crisis of 2008.
Cast: Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Sydney Park, Diane Kruger, Jeffrey Donovan, Nikolai Tsankov


The Rover: 2014 | R | 103 min | 6.3 rating
10 years after a global economic collapse, a hardened loner pursues the men who stole his car through the lawless wasteland of the Australian outback, aided by the brother of one of the thieves.
Cast: Guy Pearce, Robert Pattinson, Scoot McNairy, David Field, Susan Prior


Scared Shrekless: 2010 | PG | 21 min | 6.643 rating
Shrek challenges Donkey, Puss in Boots and his other fairy tale character friends to spend the night in Lord Farquaad's haunted castle, telling scary stories to see who can resist becoming scared and stay the longest.
Cast: Mike Myers, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Dean Edwards, Conrad Vernon


Necessary Roughness: 1991 | PG-13 | 108 min | 5.5 rating
When the Texas Southern Armadillos football team is disqualified for cheating and poor grades, the University is forced to pick from a team that actually goes to school. Will they even win a single game?
Cast: Scott Bakula, Robert Loggia, Harley Jane Kozak, Larry Miller, Hector Elizondo


Causeway: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6.626 rating
A US soldier suffers a traumatic brain injury while fighting in Afghanistan and struggles to adjust to life back home in New Orleans. When she meets local mechanic James, the pair begin to forge an unexpected bond.
Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Brian Tyree Henry, Linda Emond, Jayne Houdyshell, Stephen McKinley Henderson


Along Came Polly: 2004 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6 rating
Reuben Feffer is a guy who's spent his entire life playing it safe. Polly Prince is irresistible as a free-spirit who lives for the thrill of the moment. When these two comically mismatched souls collide, Reuben's world is turned upside down, as he makes an uproarious attempt to change his life from middle-of-the-road to totally-out-there.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Jennifer Aniston, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Debra Messing, Alec Baldwin


Incarnate: 2016 | PG-13 | 91 min | 5.36 rating
An exorcist comes up against an evil from his past when he uses his skills to enter the mind of a nine year old boy.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Natalija Nogulich, Keir O'Donnell, Catalina Sandino Moreno, Carice van Houten


Metalocalypse: Army of the Doomstar: 2023 | R | 83 min | 6.8 rating
After the heroic rescue of Toki Wartooth, DETHKLOK frontman Nathan Explosion finds himself traumatized in a BRUTAL professional and romantic flat-spin all while he is tasked with fulfilling the prophecy and confronting the ultimate songwriting challenge: write the SONG OF SALVATION and save the planet. Can Nathan Explosion look beyond his brutally damaged ego to save his band, stop the Metalocalypse, and finally face the ultimate evil: Salacia?
Cast: Brendon Small, Tommy Blacha, Victor Brandt, Stephen 'Thundercat' Bruner, King Diamond


Private Lessons: 1981 | R | 87 min | 5.76 rating
Phillip Filmore is a naive, 15-year-old, preoccupied with sex, who develops a crush on Nicole Mallow, the new 30-something, French housekeeper and sitter to look after him when Phillip's father is out of town for the summer on a "business" trip. But Mr. Filmore's unscrupulous chauffeur, Lester Lewis, takes advantage of Phillip's crush on Nicole to hire her to seduce the youth, then draws her into a plot to fake her own death in a blackmail scheme aimed to drain Phillip's trust fund.
Cast: Sylvia Kristel, Howard Hesseman, Eric Brown, Patrick Piccininni, Ed Begley Jr.


Howards End: 1992 | PG | 142 min | 7.053 rating
A saga of class relations and changing times in an Edwardian England on the brink of modernity, the film centers on liberal Margaret Schlegel, who, along with her sister Helen, becomes involved with two couples: wealthy, conservative industrialist Henry Wilcox and his wife Ruth, and the downwardly mobile working-class Leonard Bast and his mistress Jackie.
Cast: Emma Thompson, Helena Bonham Carter, Anthony Hopkins, Samuel West, Vanessa Redgrave


Toy Story That Time Forgot: 2014 | G | 22 min | 7.021 rating
During a post-Christmas play date, the gang find themselves in uncharted territory when the coolest set of action figures ever turn out to be dangerously delusional. It's all up to Trixie, the triceratops, if the gang hopes to return to Bonnie's room in this Toy Story That Time Forgot.
Cast: Kristen Schaal, Kevin McKidd, Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Emily Hahn


MexZombies: 2022 | R | 93 min | 7.1 rating
A group of teenagers must face a zombie apocalypse, and help reestablish order.
Cast: Iñaki Godoy, Marcelo Barcelo, Vincent Michael Webb, Alejandro Puente, Sara Maldonado


Table 19: 2017 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.9 rating
Eloise, having been relieved of maid of honor duties after being unceremoniously dumped by the best man via text, decides to attend the wedding anyway – only to find herself seated with five fellow-unwanted guests at the dreaded Table 19.
Cast: Anna Kendrick, Craig Robinson, June Squibb, Lisa Kudrow, Stephen Merchant


Extortion: 2017 | R | 108 min | 6.2 rating
A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and their 5 year old son after their vacation in the Bahamas takes an unexpected turn.
Cast: Bethany Joy Lenz, Danny Glover, Tim Griffin, Eion Bailey, Barkhad Abdi


Cry-Baby: 1990 | PG-13 | 85 min | 6.558 rating
A prim and proper schoolgirl goes against her society grandmother's wishes when she dates a motorcycle-riding juvenile delinquent.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Amy Locane, Susan Tyrrell, Iggy Pop, Ricki Lake


Crooked House: 2017 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.401 rating
A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family.
Cast: Glenn Close, Max Irons, Stefanie Martini, Christina Hendricks, Terence Stamp


Idle Hands: 1999 | R | 92 min | 6.149 rating
Anton is a cheerful but exceedingly non-ambitious 17-year-old stoner who lives to stay buzzed, watch TV, and moon over Molly, the beautiful girl who lives next door. However, it turns out that the old cliché about idle hands being the devil's playground has a kernel of truth after all.
Cast: Devon Sawa, Seth Green, Elden Henson, Jessica Alba, Christopher Hart


Chickenhare and the Hamster of Darkness: 2022 | PG | 91 min | 7.371 rating
Young Chickenhare is the adopted son of King Peter, a famous adventurer. Part chicken and part hare, he has a really tough time growing up and disguises himself as a hare to avoid the mockeries of his peers. When the day of the Royal Adventurer Society trials comes, Chickenhare, hampered by his disguise, fails miserably. But he is determined to grab a second chance and find the Scepter of the Hamster of Darkness, before his evil Uncle Lapin. The Scepter will give immense power to its holder. If Lapin gets hold of it, he will be unstoppable. Accompanied by his faithful servant Abe, a sarcastic turtle, and Meg, a martial arts expert skunk, he sets of on an epic and initiatory quest.
Cast: Jordan Tartakow, Joe Ochman, Laila Berzins, Danny Fehsenfeld, Chris McCune


Groot Takes a Bath: 2022 | PG | 6 min | 7.122 rating
Everybody needs some alone time to relax and wash up, but things go quite differently when you’re a Flora Colossi toddler.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Fred Tatasciore, Kaitlyn Robrock


The Danish Girl: 2015 | R | 119 min | 7.6 rating
When Gerda Wegener asks her husband Einar to fill in as a portrait model, Einar discovers the person she's meant to be and begins living her life as Lili Elbe. Having realized her true self and with Gerda's love and support, Lili embarks on a groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer.
Cast: Eddie Redmayne, Alicia Vikander, Matthias Schoenaerts, Ben Whishaw, Sebastian Koch


When the Game Stands Tall: 2014 | PG | 115 min | 6.7 rating
A young coach turns a losing high school football program around to go undefeated for 12 consecutive seasons.
Cast: Jim Caviezel, Michael Chiklis, Laura Dern, Clancy Brown, Ser'Darius Blain


The NeverEnding Story: 1984 | PG | 102 min | 7.2 rating
While hiding from bullies in his school's attic, a young boy discovers the extraordinary land of Fantasia, through a magical book called The Neverending Story. The book tells the tale of Atreyu, a young warrior who, with the help of a luck dragon named Falkor, must save Fantasia from the destruction of The Nothing.
Cast: Noah Hathaway, Barret Oliver, Tami Stronach, Moses Gunn, Patricia Hayes


Argylle: 2024 |  | 135 min | 0 rating
When the plots of reclusive author Elly Conway's fictional espionage novels begin to mirror the covert actions of a real-life spy organization, quiet evenings at home become a thing of the past. Accompanied by her cat Alfie and Aiden, a cat-allergic spy, Elly races across the world to stay one step ahead of the killers as the line between Conway's fictional world and her real one begins to blur.
Cast: Henry Cavill, Bryce Dallas Howard, Sam Rockwell, Bryan Cranston, Catherine O'Hara


Shark Side of the Moon: 2022 | R | 88 min | 5.2 rating
Decades ago, the USSR developed unkillable sharks and launched them to the moon. Today, a team of American astronauts will endure the fight of their lives.
Cast: Maxi Witrak, Ego Mikitas, Michael Marcel, Tania Fox, Konstantin Podprugin


Jerry Maguire: 1996 | R | 139 min | 6.949 rating
Jerry Maguire used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, save Rod Tidwell, an egomaniacal football player.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Renée Zellweger, Cuba Gooding Jr., Kelly Preston, Jerry O'Connell


Bean: 1997 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6.449 rating
Childlike Englishman, Mr. Bean, is an incompetent watchman at the Royal National Gallery. After the museum's board of directors' attempt to have him fired is blocked by the chairman, who has taken a liking to Bean, they send him to Los Angeles to act as their ambassador for the unveiling of a historic painting to humiliate him. Fooled, Mr. Bean must now successfully unveil the painting or risk his and a hapless Los Angeles curator's termination.
Cast: Rowan Atkinson, Peter MacNicol, Pamela Reed, Tricia Vessey, Andrew Lawrence


Battle of the Sexes: 2017 | PG-13 | 121 min | 6.774 rating
The true story of the 1973 tennis match between World number one Billie Jean King and ex-champ and serial hustler Bobby Riggs.
Cast: Emma Stone, Steve Carell, Andrea Riseborough, Sarah Silverman, Bill Pullman


Airplane!: 1980 | PG | 88 min | 7.293 rating
An ex-fighter pilot forced to take over the controls of an airliner when the flight crew succumbs to food poisoning.
Cast: Robert Hays, Julie Hagerty, Leslie Nielsen, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Lloyd Bridges


Gotti: 2018 | R | 106 min | 5.3 rating
John Gotti rises to the top of the New York underworld to become the boss of the Gambino crime family. His life takes a tumultuous turn as he faces tragedy, multiple trials and a prison sentence.
Cast: John Travolta, Spencer Lofranco, Kelly Preston, Pruitt Taylor Vince, William DeMeo


Sphere: 1998 | PG-13 | 134 min | 6.099 rating
A spacecraft is discovered on the floor of the Pacific Ocean, presumed to be at least 300 years old and of alien origin. A crack team of scientists and experts is assembled and taken to the Habitat, a state-of-the-art underwater living environment, to investigate.
Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Sharon Stone, Samuel L. Jackson, Peter Coyote, Liev Schreiber


Thir13en Ghosts: 2001 | R | 91 min | 6.2 rating
Arthur and his two children, Kathy and Bobby, inherit his Uncle Cyrus's estate: a glass house that serves as a prison to 12 ghosts. When the family, accompanied by Bobby's Nanny and an attorney, enter the house they find themselves trapped inside an evil machine "designed by the devil and powered by the dead" to open the Eye of Hell. Aided by Dennis, a ghost hunter, and his rival Kalina, a ghost rights activist out to set the ghosts free, the group must do what they can to get out of the house alive.
Cast: Tony Shalhoub, Embeth Davidtz, Matthew Lillard, Shannon Elizabeth, Rah Digga


Heavy Metal: 1981 | R | 90 min | 6.48 rating
The embodiment of ultimate evil, a glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with bizarre stories of dark fantasy, eroticism and horror.
Cast: Rodger Bumpass, John Candy, Jackie Burroughs, Joe Flaherty, Don Francks


Venom 3: 2024 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
The third entry in the Venom trilogy confirmed to be in development by Amy Pascal.
Cast: Tom Hardy, Juno Temple, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Norman Reedus


White Boy Rick: 2018 | R | 111 min | 6.3 rating
The story of a teenager, Richard Wershe Jr., who became an undercover informant for the police during the 1980s and was ultimately arrested for drug-trafficking and sentenced to life in prison.
Cast: Richie Merritt, Matthew McConaughey, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Bel Powley, RJ Cyler


A Dog's Journey: 2019 | PG | 109 min | 8.052 rating
A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets.
Cast: Marg Helgenberger, Betty Gilpin, Henry Lau, Kathryn Prescott, Dennis Quaid


Bloodshot: 2020 | PG-13 | 110 min | 6.751 rating
After he and his wife are murdered, marine Ray Garrison is resurrected by a team of scientists. Enhanced with nanotechnology, he becomes a superhuman, biotech killing machine—'Bloodshot'. As Ray first trains with fellow super-soldiers, he cannot recall anything from his former life. But when his memories flood back and he remembers the man that killed both him and his wife, he breaks out of the facility to get revenge, only to discover that there's more to the conspiracy than he thought.
Cast: Vin Diesel, Eiza González, Sam Heughan, Toby Kebbell, Talulah Riley


Two Is a Family: 2016 | NR | 118 min | 7.753 rating
A man without attachments or responsibilities suddenly finds himself with an abandoned baby and leaves for London to try and find the mother. Eight years later after he and his daughter become inseparable Gloria's mother reappears.
Cast: Omar Sy, Gloria Colston, Clémence Poésy, Antoine Bertrand, Ashley Walters


Coyote Ugly: 2000 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.249 rating
Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl.
Cast: Piper Perabo, Maria Bello, Bridget Moynahan, Tyra Banks, Izabella Miko


Turkish Delight: 1973 |  | 108 min | 7 rating
Eric, a gifted sculptor, has a stormy, erotic, and star-crossed romance with a beautiful young woman named Olga.
Cast: Monique van de Ven, Rutger Hauer, Tonny Huurdeman, Wim van den Brink, Hans Boskamp


Snowden: 2016 | R | 134 min | 7.102 rating
CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of classified documents to the press.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Shailene Woodley, Melissa Leo, Zachary Quinto, Tom Wilkinson


Star Wars: The Clone Wars: 2008 | PG | 98 min | 6.1 rating
As the Clone Wars sweep through the galaxy, the heroic Jedi Knights struggle to maintain order and restore peace. More and more systems are falling prey to the forces of the dark side as the Galactic Republic slips further and further under the sway of the Separatists and their never-ending droid army. Anakin Skywalker and his Padawan learner Ahsoka Tano find themselves on a mission with far-reaching consequences, one that brings them face-to-face with crime lord Jabba the Hutt. But Count Dooku and his sinister agents, including the nefarious Asajj Ventress, will stop at nothing to ensure that Anakin and Ahsoka fail at their quest. Meanwhile, on the front lines of the Clone Wars, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Master Yoda lead the massive clone army in a valiant effort to resist the forces of the dark side...
Cast: Matt Lanter, Ashley Eckstein, James Arnold Taylor, David Acord, Dee Bradley Baker


Stay Alive: 2006 | PG-13 | 85 min | 5.82 rating
After the brutal death of a friend, a group of friends find themselves in possession of a video-game called "Stay Alive," a blood-curdling true story of a 17th century noblewoman known as the Blood Countess. After playing the game when they know they shouldn't, however, the friends realize that once they die in the game — they die for real!
Cast: Jon Foster, Samaire Armstrong, Frankie Muniz, Sophia Bush, Jimmi Simpson


Spinning Man: 2018 | R | 100 min | 5.5 rating
Evan Birch is a family man and esteemed professor at a distinguished university. When a female student goes missing, police Detective Malloy has reason to be suspicious when crucial evidence makes Evan the prime suspect in her disappearance.
Cast: Guy Pearce, Pierce Brosnan, Minnie Driver, Alexandra Shipp, Odeya Rush


Flags of Our Fathers: 2006 | R | 135 min | 6.843 rating
There were five Marines and one Navy Corpsman photographed raising the U.S. flag on Mt. Suribachi by Joe Rosenthal on February 23, 1945. This is the story of three of the six surviving servicemen - John 'Doc' Bradley, Pvt. Rene Gagnon and Pvt. Ira Hayes - who fought in the battle to take Iwo Jima from the Japanese.
Cast: Ryan Phillippe, Jesse Bradford, Adam Beach, John Benjamin Hickey, John Slattery


Black Sea: 2014 | R | 115 min | 6.251 rating
A rogue submarine captain pulls together a misfit crew to go after a sunken treasure rumored to be lost in the depths of the Black Sea. As greed and desperation take control on-board their claustrophobic vessel, the increasing uncertainty of the mission causes the men to turn on each other to fight for their own survival.
Cast: Jude Law, Karl Davies, Jodie Whittaker, Daniel Ryan, Scoot McNairy


Revenge: 2017 | R | 109 min | 6.429 rating
Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy married boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way.
Cast: Matilda Lutz, Kevin Janssens, Vincent Colombe, Guillaume Bouchède, Jean-Louis Tribes


The Broken Hearts Gallery: 2020 | PG-13 | 109 min | 7.2 rating
Lucy is a young gallery assistant who collects mementos from her relationships. She discovers that she must let go of her past to move forward, and comes up with a lovely, artistic way to help herself and others who have suffered heartbreak.
Cast: Geraldine Viswanathan, Dacre Montgomery, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Molly Gordon, Phillipa Soo


The Mummy: 2017 | PG-13 | 110 min | 5.509 rating
Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient queen whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Annabelle Wallis, Sofia Boutella, Jake Johnson, Courtney B. Vance


Safe Haven: 2013 | PG-13 | 115 min | 7.251 rating
A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her.
Cast: Julianne Hough, Josh Duhamel, Cobie Smulders, David Lyons, Mimi Kirkland


Sixth Bus: 2022 | NR | 103 min | 6.071 rating
A young American is trying to find a man from her past, but he is never to be found, during the largest conflict on European soil since World War II – the battle of Vukovar. It is a search of identity and truth at a place where truth is selective, elusive, and even feared. A quest for faith, connection, and redemption simmers beneath the search.
Cast: Toni Gojanović, Josipa Anković, Zala Đurić-Ribič, Filip Mayer, Andrej Dojkić


I Love You, Man: 2009 | R | 105 min | 6.6 rating
Peter Klaven is a successful real estate agent who, upon getting engaged to the woman of his dreams, Zooey, discovers, to his dismay and chagrin, that he has no male friend close enough to serve as his Best Man. Peter immediately sets out to rectify the situation, embarking on a series of bizarre and awkward "man-dates."
Cast: Paul Rudd, Jason Segel, Rashida Jones, Andy Samberg, J.K. Simmons


Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Furious Five: 2008 | PG | 25 min | 6.7 rating
Ordered to teach a martial arts class of rambunctious bunny kittens, Po tells stories of each of the Furious Five's pasts.
Cast: Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, David Cross, Randall Duk Kim, Elizabeth Ann Bennett


Panic Room: 2002 | R | 111 min | 6.764 rating
Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman and her young daughter Sarah play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham, Raoul and Junior - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it.
Cast: Jodie Foster, Kristen Stewart, Forest Whitaker, Dwight Yoakam, Jared Leto


The Pianist: 2002 | R | 150 min | 8.384 rating
The true story of pianist Władysław Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto, Szpilman finds work playing in a café; and when his family is deported in 1942, he stays behind, works for a while as a laborer, and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city.
Cast: Adrien Brody, Thomas Kretschmann, Frank Finlay, Maureen Lipman, Emilia Fox


The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivet: 2013 | G | 105 min | 6.828 rating
A 10-year-old child prodigy cartographer secretly leaves his family's ranch in Montana where he lives with his cowboy father and scientist mother and travels across the country on board a freight train to receive an award at the Smithsonian Institute.
Cast: Kyle Catlett, Helena Bonham Carter, Judy Davis, Callum Keith Rennie, Niamh Wilson


Burnt: 2015 | R | 100 min | 6.5 rating
Adam Jones is a Chef who destroyed his career with drugs and diva behavior. He cleans up and returns to London, determined to redeem himself by spearheading a top restaurant that can gain three Michelin stars.
Cast: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller, Omar Sy, Daniel Brühl, Riccardo Scamarcio


Bastille Day: 2016 | R | 92 min | 6.3 rating
Michael Mason is an American pickpocket living in Paris who finds himself hunted by the CIA when he steals a bag that contains more than just a wallet. Sean Briar, the field agent on the case, soon realises that Michael is just a pawn in a much bigger game and is also his best asset to uncover a large-scale conspiracy.
Cast: Idris Elba, Richard Madden, Charlotte Le Bon, Kelly Reilly, José Garcia


After Porn Ends: 2012 | R | 90 min | 5.681 rating
Documentary examining what happens to some of the biggest names in the history of the adult entertainment industry after they leave the business and try and live "normal" lives.
Cast: Amber Lynn, Asia Carrera, Mary Carey, Crissy Moran, Raylene


Seal Team: 2021 |  | 98 min | 7 rating
After his best friend is killed in a shark attack, Quinn, a lovable yet tenacious seal assembles a SEAL TEAM to fight back against a gang of sharks overtaking the neighborhood. But this merry band of international seals are not at all trained for such a mission. They seek the help of a much more skillful combatant, Claggart, but even his tricks and flips can’t whip these guys into shape. However, with a little bit of ingenuity, intelligence and a lot of heart, our SEAL TEAM may actually be able to bring peace back to their undersea community.
Cast: Jessie T. Usher, J.K. Simmons, Matthew Rhys, Kristen Schaal, Patrick Warburton


Re:ZERO -Starting Life in Another World- The Frozen Bond: 2019 | NR | 76 min | 7.4 rating
Covered in ice and snow, Elior Forest is the home to dangerous magical beasts and 50 elves frozen in ice. One day, the great spirit Puck helps a young girl break out of her ice prison. Her name is Emilia, a half-elf born with silver hair, long ears, and amethyst eyes—features that resemble the evil Witch who destroyed half the world long ago.  Shunned by society because of her appearance, Emilia dwells in the forest with Puck as her sole companion and family. Burdened with a sin of destruction she does not remember committing, she spends her days trying to find a way to help her frozen kin. But when the great spirit Melakuera, the Arbitrator of the world, finds Emilia, her right to stay alive is brought into question. Will the bonds of ice she formed with Puck prove to be the warm thread that defies fate?
Cast: Rie Takahashi, Yumi Uchiyama, Yusuke Kobayashi, 水濑祈, Satomi Arai


Suicide Squad: Hell to Pay: 2018 | R | 86 min | 7.103 rating
It’s batter up at Belle Reve and that can only mean that Amanda Waller, the penitentiary’s cold and calculating warden, has a mission that only the damned will take on. It’s time to unleash Task Force X again, stacked with seasoned vets such as Deadshot, Captain Boomerang and Harley Quinn, these crafty criminals are joined by newcomers Copperhead, Killer Frost and the martial art master, Bronze Tiger! With the target objective being a mystical object so powerful that they’re willing to risk their own lives to steal it, you can be sure it will be collision of chaos, gunfire and attitudes. So, take aim for a raging road trip with the Suicide Squad!
Cast: Christian Slater, Tara Strong, Billy Brown, Liam McIntyre, Vanessa Williams


Rurouni Kenshin Part I: Origins: 2012 | PG-13 | 134 min | 7.6 rating
In 1868, after the Bakumatsu war ends, the ex-assassin Kenshin Himura traverses Japan with an inverted sword, to defend the needy without killing.
Cast: Takeru Satoh, Emi Takei, Koji Kikkawa, Yu Aoi, Munetaka Aoki


Harakiri: 1962 | NR | 135 min | 8.402 rating
Down-on-his-luck veteran Tsugumo Hanshirō enters the courtyard of the prosperous House of Iyi. Unemployed, and with no family, he hopes to find a place to commit seppuku—and a worthy second to deliver the coup de grâce in his suicide ritual. The senior counselor for the Iyi clan questions the ronin’s resolve and integrity, suspecting Hanshirō of seeking charity rather than an honorable end. What follows is a pair of interlocking stories which lay bare the difference between honor and respect, and promises to examine the legendary foundations of the Samurai code.
Cast: Tatsuya Nakadai, Akira Ishihama, Shima Iwashita, Tetsurō Tamba, Masao Mishima


Berserk: The Golden Age Arc I - The Egg of the King: 2012 |  | 76 min | 7.256 rating
Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has little direction in his life, simply fighting one battle after the next. However, this all changes suddenly when he meets and is bested by Griffith, a beautiful and charismatic young man who leads the Band of the Hawk mercenary army. After Guts joins the Band and the relationship between the two men begins to blossom, Casca, the tough, lone swordswoman in the Band of the Hawk, struggles to accept Guts and the influence he has on the world around her.  While the two men begin to fight together, Griffith continues to rise to power, all seemingly in order to reach his mysterious, prophesied goals. What lengths will Guts and Griffith go to in order to reach these goals, and where will fate take the two men?
Cast: Hiroaki Iwanaga, Takahiro Sakurai, Yuki Kaji, Takahiro Fujiwara, Toa Yukinari


The Blackening: 2023 | R | 97 min | 6.077 rating
Seven black friends go away for the weekend, only to find themselves trapped in a cabin with a killer who has a vendetta. They must pit their street smarts and knowledge of horror movies against the murderer to stay alive.
Cast: Antoinette Robertson, Sinqua Walls, Dewayne Perkins, X Mayo, Melvin Gregg


La Bamba: 1987 | PG-13 | 108 min | 7.19 rating
Los Angeles teenager Ritchie Valens becomes an overnight rock 'n' roll success in 1958, thanks to a love ballad called "Donna" that he wrote for his girlfriend. But as his star rises, Valens has conflicts with his jealous brother, Bob, and becomes haunted by a recurring nightmare of a plane crash just as he begins his first national tour alongside Buddy Holly.
Cast: Lou Diamond Phillips, Danielle von Zerneck, Elizabeth Peña, Rosanna DeSoto, Esai Morales


Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might: 1990 | PG | 61 min | 6.496 rating
Goku and friends must stop a band of space pirates from consuming fruit from the Tree of Might before it's destructive powers drain Earth's energy.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Toshio Furukawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Naoko Watanabe


That Thing You Do!: 1996 | PG | 108 min | 6.867 rating
A Pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and rides the star-making machinery as long as it can, with lots of help from its manager.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tom Everett Scott, Liv Tyler, Johnathon Schaech, Steve Zahn


Flight 7500: 2014 | PG-13 | 79 min | 4.8 rating
Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin.
Cast: Ryan Kwanten, Amy Smart, Leslie Bibb, Jamie Chung, Scout Taylor-Compton


Non-Stop: 2014 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.812 rating
Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air Marshals service. He views the assignment not as a life-saving duty, but as a desk job in the sky. However, today's flight will be no routine trip. Shortly into the transatlantic journey from New York to London, he receives a series of mysterious text messages ordering him to have the government transfer $150 million into a secret account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Julianne Moore, Scoot McNairy, Michelle Dockery, Nate Parker


Macbeth: 1971 |  | 141 min | 7.091 rating
Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion.
Cast: Jon Finch, Francesca Annis, Martin Shaw, John Stride, Nicholas Selby


The Best of Me: 2014 | PG-13 | 117 min | 7.458 rating
A pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown.
Cast: Michelle Monaghan, James Marsden, Luke Bracey, Liana Liberato, Gerald McRaney


Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow: 2007 | G | 75 min | 6.779 rating
Elina goes to a fairy school to learn dancing and fairy magic. The spring of the fairy land is soon threatened by evil Laverna who intends to prevent fairies from performing the annual vital rainbow dance. Elina must stop quarreling with her fellow students and unite them to save the first bud of the spring.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Lee Tockar, Kathleen Barr, Christopher Gaze, Tabitha St. Germain


Act of Valor: 2012 | R | 110 min | 6.5 rating
When a covert mission to rescue a kidnapped CIA operative uncovers a chilling plot, an elite, highly trained U.S. SEAL team speeds to hotspots around the globe, racing against the clock to stop a deadly terrorist attack.
Cast: Roselyn Sánchez, Emilio Rivera, Gonzalo Menendez, Marissa Labog, Nestor Serrano


12 Rounds: 2009 | PG-13 | 108 min | 5.892 rating
When New Orleans Police Detective Danny Fisher stops a brilliant thief from getting away with a multimillion-dollar heist, the thief's girlfriend is accidentally killed. After escaping from prison, the criminal mastermind enacts his revenge, taunting Danny with 12 rounds of near-impossible puzzles and tasks that he must somehow complete to save the life of the woman he loves.
Cast: John Cena, Aidan Gillen, Ashley Scott, Brian J. White, Taylor Cole


Rugrats in Paris: The Movie: 2000 | G | 78 min | 6.6 rating
A group of rambunctious toddlers travel a trip to Paris. As they journey from the Eiffel Tower to Notre Dame, they learn new lessons about trust, loyalty and love.
Cast: Elizabeth Daily, Susan Sarandon, John Lithgow, Tara Strong, Christine Cavanaugh


Dragon Ball Z: The World's Strongest: 1990 | PG | 60 min | 6.519 rating
The evil Dr. Kochin uses the dragon balls to resurrect his mentor, Dr. Wheelo, in an effort to take over the world. Dr. Wheelo, his body having been destroyed by the avalanche that killed him fifty years before, desires the body of the strongest fighter in the world as his new vessel. Believing Roshi to be the world's strongest warrior, Dr. Kochin abducts Bulma and forces Roshi to surrender himself to save her. When Goku hears of their abduction, he goes to their rescue.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Toshio Furukawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Hiromi Tsuru, Kōhei Miyauchi


One Fine Morning: 2022 |  | 113 min | 6.7 rating
With a father suffering from neurodegenerative disease, a young woman lives with her eight-year-old daughter. While struggling to secure a decent nursing home, she runs into an unavailable friend with whom she embarks on an affair.
Cast: Léa Seydoux, Pascal Greggory, Melvil Poupaud, Nicole Garcia, Camille Leban Martins


Date Night: 2010 | PG-13 | 88 min | 6.089 rating
Phil and Claire Foster fear that their mild-mannered relationship may be falling into a stale rut. During their weekly date night, their dinner reservation leads to their being mistaken for a couple of thieves—and now a number of unsavoury characters want Phil and Claire killed.
Cast: Steve Carell, Tina Fey, Mark Wahlberg, Taraji P. Henson, Jimmi Simpson


Mr. Bean's Holiday: 2007 | G | 90 min | 6.3 rating
Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwittingly separates a young boy from his father and must help the two reunite. On the way he discovers France, bicycling and true love, among other things.
Cast: Rowan Atkinson, Maxim Baldry, Emma de Caunes, Karel Roden, Willem Dafoe


Superman/Batman: Public Enemies: 2009 | PG-13 | 67 min | 7 rating
United States President Lex Luthor uses the oncoming trajectory of a Kryptonite meteor to frame Superman and declare a $1 billion bounty on the heads of the Man of Steel and his ‘partner in crime’, Batman. Heroes and villains alike launch a relentless pursuit of Superman and Batman, who must unite—and recruit help—to try and stave off the action-packed onslaught, stop the meteor Luthors plot.
Cast: Kevin Conroy, Tim Daly, Clancy Brown, LeVar Burton, Xander Berkeley


Dragonheart: Vengeance: 2020 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.889 rating
Lukas, a young farmer whose family is killed by savage raiders in the countryside, sets out on an epic quest for revenge, forming an unlikely trio with a majestic dragon and a swashbuckling, sword-fighting mercenary, Darius.
Cast: Joseph Millson, Jack Kane, Arturo Muselli, Helena Bonham Carter, Carolina Carlsson


A Haunted House: 2013 | R | 86 min | 5.868 rating
Malcolm and Kisha move into their dream home, but soon learn a demon also resides there. When Kisha becomes possessed, Malcolm - determined to keep his sex life on track - turns to a priest, a psychic, and a team of ghost-busters for help in this spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years.
Cast: Marlon Wayans, Essence Atkins, Nick Swardson, Cedric the Entertainer, David Koechner


Fear Street: 1978: 2021 | R | 110 min | 7.224 rating
In 1978, two rival groups at Camp Nightwing must band together to solve a terrifying mystery when horrors from their towns' history come alive.
Cast: Sadie Sink, Emily Rudd, Ryan Simpkins, McCabe Slye, Ted Sutherland


Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé: 2023 | NR | 170 min | 8.542 rating
Accentuates the journey of Renaissance World Tour, from its inception, to the opening in Stockholm, Sweden, to the finale in Kansas City, Missouri. It is about Beyoncé’s intention, hard work, involvement in every aspect of the production, her creative mind and purpose to create her legacy, and master her craft. Received with extraordinary acclaim, Beyoncé’s Renaissance World Tour created a sanctuary for freedom, and shared joy, for more than 2.7 million fans.
Cast: Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Blue Ivy Carter, Sir Carter, Rumi Carter


The Conspirator: 2011 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.6 rating
Mary Surratt is the lone female charged as a co-conspirator in the assassination trial of Abraham Lincoln. As the whole nation turns against her, she is forced to rely on her reluctant lawyer to uncover the truth and save her life.
Cast: James McAvoy, Robin Wright, Evan Rachel Wood, Kevin Kline, Alexis Bledel


Daughter of the Wolf: 2019 | R | 88 min | 5.6 rating
Ex-military specialist Clair Hamilton returns home from her tour in the Middle East due to her father's passing and to claim her inheritance. Her son is then kidnapped and held for ransom by a gang led by a mysterious figure known only as “Father”.
Cast: Gina Carano, Brendan Fehr, Anton Gillis-Adelman, Sydelle Noel, Richard Dreyfuss


The Book Thief: 2013 | PG-13 | 131 min | 7.486 rating
While subjected to the horrors of WWII Germany, young Liesel finds solace by stealing books and sharing them with others. Under the stairs in her home, a Jewish refugee is being sheltered by her adoptive parents.
Cast: Geoffrey Rush, Sophie Nélisse, Emily Watson, Nico Liersch, Ben Schnetzer


The Siege: 1998 | R | 116 min | 6.289 rating
The secret US abduction of a suspected terrorist from his Middle East homeland leads to a wave of terrorist attacks in New York.  An FBI senior agent and his team attempt to locate and decommission the enemy cells, but must also deal with an Army General gone rogue and a female CIA agent of uncertain loyalties.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Annette Bening, Bruce Willis, Tony Shalhoub, Sami Bouajila


The Other Guys: 2010 | PG-13 | 107 min | 6.301 rating
Unlike their heroic counterparts on the force, desk-bound NYPD detectives Gamble and Hoitz garner no headlines as they work day to day. When a seemingly minor case turns out to be a big deal, the two cops get the opportunity to finally prove to their comrades that they have the right stuff.
Cast: Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Eva Mendes, Michael Keaton, Steve Coogan


Jeepers Creepers 2: 2003 | R | 104 min | 6.11 rating
When their bus is crippled on the side of a deserted road, a team of high school athletes discover an opponent they cannot defeat – and may not survive. Staring hungrily at them through the school bus windows, The Creeper returns again and again. But when the teammates discover that it’s selective about whom it attacks, it will test their ability to stick together – as the insatiable menace tries to tear them apart!
Cast: Ray Wise, Jonathan Breck, Nicki Aycox, Eric Nenninger, Marieh Delfino


The Hills Have Eyes: 2006 | R | 107 min | 6.409 rating
Based on Wes Craven's 1977 suspenseful cult classic, The Hills Have Eyes is the story of a family road trip that goes terrifyingly awry when the travelers become stranded in a government atomic zone. Miles from nowhere, the Carter family soon realizes the seemingly uninhabited wasteland is actually the breeding ground of a blood-thirsty mutant family...and they are the prey.
Cast: Aaron Stanford, Kathleen Quinlan, Vinessa Shaw, Ted Levine, Emilie de Ravin


Sharper: 2023 | R | 115 min | 7.1 rating
A small, wealthy family in New York City gets progressively torn apart by secrets, lies, and the theft that orchestrates all of it.
Cast: Julianne Moore, Sebastian Stan, Justice Smith, Briana Middleton, John Lithgow


Mad Max: 1979 | R | 91 min | 6.687 rating
In the ravaged near future, a savage motorcycle gang rules the road. Terrorizing innocent civilians while tearing up the streets, the ruthless gang laughs in the face of a police force hell-bent on stopping them. But they underestimate one officer: Max Rockatansky. And when the bikers brutalize Max's best friend and family, they send him into a mad frenzy that leaves him with only one thing left in the world to live for – revenge!
Cast: Mel Gibson, Joanne Samuel, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Steve Bisley, Tim Burns


Sherlock: The Abominable Bride: 2015 | PG-13 | 90 min | 7.864 rating
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson find themselves in 1890s London in this holiday special.
Cast: Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman, Una Stubbs, Rupert Graves, Mark Gatiss


I'll Be Home for Christmas: 1998 | PG | 86 min | 5.9 rating
Estranged from his father, college student Jake is lured home to New York for Christmas with the promise of receiving a classic Porsche as a gift. When the bullying football team dumps him in the desert in a Santa suit, Jake is left without identification or money to help him make the journey. Meanwhile, his girlfriend, Allie, does not know where he is, and accepts a cross-country ride from Jake's rival, Eddie.
Cast: Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Jessica Biel, Adam LaVorgna, Gary Cole, Eve Gordon


eXistenZ: 1999 | R | 97 min | 6.811 rating
A game designer on the run from assassins must play her latest virtual reality creation with a marketing trainee to determine if the game has been damaged.
Cast: Jennifer Jason Leigh, Jude Law, Ian Holm, Willem Dafoe, Don McKellar


Boston Strangler: 2023 | R | 112 min | 6.724 rating
Reporters Loretta McLaughlin and Jean Cole bravely pursue the story of the Boston Strangler at great personal risk, putting their own lives on the line in their quest to uncover the truth.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Carrie Coon, Chris Cooper, Alessandro Nivola, Rory Cochrane


Escape from New York: 1981 | R | 99 min | 7.063 rating
In the future, crime is out of control and New York City's Manhattan is a maximum security prison. Grabbing a bargaining chip right out of the air, convicts bring down the President's plane in bad old Gotham. Gruff Snake Plissken, a one-eyed lone warrior new to prison life, is coerced into bringing the President, and his cargo, out of this land of undesirables.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Lee Van Cleef, Ernest Borgnine, Donald Pleasence, Isaac Hayes


Wedding Daze: 2006 | R | 90 min | 5.6 rating
After losing the woman of his dreams, Anderson is convinced he'll never fall in love again. But at the urging of his best friend, he spontaneously proposes to a dissatisfied waitress named Katie and an innocent dare evolves into the kind of love that both have been looking for all along.
Cast: Jason Biggs, Isla Fisher, Michael Weston, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Joe Pantoliano


Dirty Pair: Project Eden: 1986 | NR | 83 min | 6.9 rating
Sent to the planet Agerna to investigate a feud between two opposing factions, Kei and Yuri must find out why strange creatures are attacking vezorium test plants.
Cast: Kyôko Tongû, Saeko Shimazu, Katsuji Mori, Chikao Ohtsuka, Mikio Terashima


Back to the Future Part III: 1990 | PG | 119 min | 7.467 rating
The final installment of the Back to the Future trilogy finds Marty digging the trusty DeLorean out of a mineshaft and looking for Doc in the Wild West of 1885. But when their time machine breaks down, the travelers are stranded in a land of spurs. More problems arise when Doc falls for pretty schoolteacher Clara Clayton, and Marty tangles with Buford Tannen.
Cast: Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Thomas F. Wilson, Mary Steenburgen, Lea Thompson


The Exorcism of Emily Rose: 2005 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.55 rating
When a younger girl called Emily Rose dies, everyone puts blame on the exorcism which was performed on her by Father Moore prior to her death. The priest is arrested on suspicion of murder. The trial begins with lawyer Erin Bruner representing Moore, but it is not going to be easy, as no one wants to believe what Father Moore says is true.
Cast: Laura Linney, Tom Wilkinson, Campbell Scott, Jennifer Carpenter, Kenneth Welsh


I.T.: 2016 | NR | 96 min | 5.4 rating
Mike Regan is a successful, self-made man who has it all: a gorgeous wife, a beautiful teenage daughter and a sleek, state-of-the-art “smart home”. But he soon finds himself in a deadly, high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse when his I.T. consultant, Ed, starts using his skills to stalk Mike’s daughter and endanger his family, his business, and his life. In a world where there is no privacy, and personal secrets can go viral by the click of a mouse, Mike needs to rely on his old connections to defeat a new kind of nemesis.
Cast: Pierce Brosnan, Stefanie Scott, James Frecheville, Michael Nyqvist, Anna Friel


Hamilton: 2020 | PG-13 | 160 min | 8.217 rating
Presenting the tale of American founding father Alexander Hamilton, this filmed version of the original Broadway smash hit is the story of America then, told by America now.
Cast: Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Renée Elise Goldsberry, Phillipa Soo, Daveed Diggs


Get Carter: 2000 | R | 102 min | 5.165 rating
Jack Carter, a mob enforcer living in Las Vegas, travels back to his hometown of Seattle for his brother's funeral. During this visit, Carter realizes that the death of his brother was not accidental, but a murder. With this knowledge, Carter sets out to kill all those responsible.
Cast: Sylvester Stallone, Miranda Richardson, Rachael Leigh Cook, Alan Cumming, Mickey Rourke


The Wave: 2008 |  | 107 min | 7.501 rating
A school teacher discusses types of government with his class. His students find it too boring to repeatedly go over national socialism and believe that dictatorship cannot be established in modern Germany. He starts an experiment to show how easily the masses can become manipulated.
Cast: Jürgen Vogel, Frederick Lau, Max Riemelt, Jennifer Ulrich, Christiane Paul


The Kid: 2019 | R | 100 min | 5.865 rating
New Mexico Territory, 1880. Rio Cutler and his older sister Sara must abandon their home after an unfortunate event happens. In their desperate flee to Santa Fe, they cross paths with the infamous outlaw Billy the Kid and his gang, who are ruthlessly pursued by a posse led by Sheriff Pat Garret.
Cast: Ethan Hawke, Dane DeHaan, Jake Schur, Leila George, Adam Baldwin


Sabotage: 2014 | R | 110 min | 5.582 rating
John "Breacher" Wharton leads an elite DEA task force that takes on the world's deadliest drug cartels. When the team successfully executes a high-stakes raid on a cartel safe house, they think their work is done – until, one-by-one, the team members mysteriously start to be eliminated. As the body count rises, everyone is a suspect.
Cast: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sam Worthington, Olivia Williams, Mireille Enos, Joe Manganiello


Christmas with The Chosen: Holy Night: 2023 | NR | 104 min | 0 rating
A young mother labeled impure. A shepherd boy considered “unclean". Experience Jesus’ birth through their eyes as CHRISTMAS WITH THE CHOSEN: HOLY NIGHT blends The Messengers and The Shepherd into one special remastered and re-scored story.
Cast: Andrea Bocelli, Matteo Bocelli, Jonathan Roumie, Shahar Issac, Noah James


The World's End: 2013 | R | 109 min | 6.797 rating
Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from 20 years earlier unwittingly become humankind's only hope for survival.
Cast: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Martin Freeman, Paddy Considine, Eddie Marsan


Cadet Kelly: 2002 | G | 101 min | 6.194 rating
Hyperactive teenager Kelly is enrolled into a military school when her new stepfather becomes the Commandant. At first she has problems fitting in and taking orders until she tries out for the drill team.
Cast: Hilary Duff, Christy Carlson Romano, Shawn Ashmore, Andrea Lewis, Aimee Garcia


One Day: 2011 | PG-13 | 107 min | 7.4 rating
A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, who first meet during their graduation in 1988 and proceed to keep in touch regularly. The film follows what they do on July 15 annually, usually doing something together.
Cast: Anne Hathaway, Jim Sturgess, Tom Mison, Jodie Whittaker, Rafe Spall


The Vault: 2017 |  | 91 min | 4.8 rating
Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank.
Cast: James Franco, Taryn Manning, Francesca Eastwood, Scott Haze, Q'orianka Kilcher


Being There: 1979 | PG | 130 min | 7.598 rating
A simple-minded gardener named Chance has spent all his life in the Washington D.C. house of an old man. When the man dies, Chance is put out on the street with no knowledge of the world except what he has learned from television.
Cast: Peter Sellers, Shirley MacLaine, Melvyn Douglas, Jack Warden, Richard Dysart


I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry: 2007 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6 rating
Firefighters Chuck Ford and Larry Valentine are guy's guys, loyal to the core—which is why when widower Larry asks Chuck to pose as his lover so that he can get domestic partner benefits for his kids, his buddy agrees. However, things get dicey when a bureaucrat comes calling, and the boys are forced to present a picture of domestic bliss.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Jessica Biel, Dan Aykroyd, Ving Rhames


The Mechanic: 2011 | R | 93 min | 6.496 rating
Arthur Bishop is a 'mechanic' - an elite assassin with a strict code and unique talent for cleanly eliminating targets. It's a job that requires professional perfection and total detachment, and Bishop is the best in the business. But when he is ordered to take out his mentor and close friend Harry, Bishop is anything but detached.
Cast: Jason Statham, Ben Foster, Donald Sutherland, Mini Anden, Tony Goldwyn


Delivery Man: 2013 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.24 rating
An affable underachiever finds out he's fathered 533 children through anonymous donations to a fertility clinic 20 years ago. Now he must decide whether or not to come forward when 142 of them file a lawsuit to reveal his identity.
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Cobie Smulders, Chris Pratt, Britt Robertson, Jack Reynor


Skinwalkers: 2006 | R | 110 min | 5.1 rating
Creatures, bound by the blood of the wolf, that can kill with curses and move at lightening speed, watching the night sky for the rise of the blood-red crescent moon. They are SKINWALKERS. They feed on our flesh and thirst for the taste of human blood. The red moon signals each pack, divided by principles, hell bent to survive an ancient prophecy.
Cast: Jason Behr, Elias Koteas, Rhona Mitra, Natassia Malthe, Kim Coates


Heavyweights: 1995 | PG | 100 min | 6.133 rating
Camp Hope is a summer retreat for overweight boys run by a kindly couple who make the campers feel comfortable with their extra pounds. But when tyrannical fitness guru Tony buys the camp, he puts the kids on a cruel regimen that goes too far. Sick of the endless weeks of "all work and no play," the kids stage a coup and reclaim their summer of fun.
Cast: Tom McGowan, Aaron Schwartz, Shaun Weiss, Tom Hodges, Leah Lail


Flightplan: 2005 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.5 rating
Flying at 40,000 feet in a state-of-the art aircraft that she helped design, Kyle Pratt's 6-year-old daughter Julia vanishes without a trace. Or did she? No one on the plane believes Julia was ever onboard. And now Kyle, desperate and alone, can only count on her own wits to unravel the mystery and save her daughter.
Cast: Jodie Foster, Peter Sarsgaard, Erika Christensen, Kate Beahan, Greta Scacchi


Gold: 2016 | R | 121 min | 6.6 rating
Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Bryce Dallas Howard, Edgar Ramírez, Timothy Simons, Michael Landes


Fullmetal Alchemist: The Final Alchemy: 2022 | PG-13 | 143 min | 6.312 rating
The Elric brothers’ long and winding journey comes to a close in this epic finale, where they must face off against an unworldly, nationwide threat.
Cast: Ryosuke Yamada, Atomu Mizuishi, Tsubasa Honda, Dean Fujioka, Misako Renbutsu


Turbo: 2013 | PG | 96 min | 6.2 rating
The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams of winning the Indy 500.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Paul Giamatti, Michael Peña, Samuel L. Jackson, Luis Guzmán


Punch-Drunk Love: 2002 | R | 96 min | 7.138 rating
A socially awkward and volatile small business owner meets the love of his life after being threatened by a gang of scammers.
Cast: Adam Sandler, Emily Watson, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Luis Guzmán, Mary Lynn Rajskub


King Kong vs. Godzilla: 1962 | NR | 97 min | 6.8 rating
The advertising director of Pacific Pharmaceuticals, frustrated with the low ratings of their sponsored TV program, seeks a more sensationalist approach. He orders his staff to Faro Island to capture King Kong for exploitation. As Godzilla re-emerges, a media frenzy generates with Pacific looking to capitalize off of the ultimate battle.
Cast: Tadao Takashima, Kenji Sahara, Yū Fujiki, Ichirō Arishima, Jun Tazaki


Hitman's Wife's Bodyguard: 2021 | R | 117 min | 6.716 rating
The world’s most lethal odd couple – bodyguard Michael Bryce and hitman Darius Kincaid – are back on another life-threatening mission. Still unlicensed and under scrutiny, Bryce is forced into action by Darius's even more volatile wife, the infamous international con artist Sonia Kincaid. As Bryce is driven over the edge by his two most dangerous protectees, the trio get in over their heads in a global plot and soon find that they are all that stand between Europe and a vengeful and powerful madman.
Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Samuel L. Jackson, Salma Hayek Pinault, Antonio Banderas, Morgan Freeman


31: 2016 | R | 102 min | 5.417 rating
Five carnival workers are kidnapped and held hostage in an abandoned, Hell-like compound where they are forced to participate in a violent game, the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns.
Cast: Sheri Moon Zombie, Richard Brake, Meg Foster, Malcolm McDowell, Daniel Roebuck


The Double: 2014 | R | 93 min | 6.481 rating
An awkward office drone becomes increasingly unhinged after a charismatic and confident look-alike takes a job at his workplace and seduces the woman he desires.
Cast: Jesse Eisenberg, Mia Wasikowska, Wallace Shawn, Yasmin Paige, Noah Taylor


Believe Me: The Abduction of Lisa McVey: 2018 | PG-13 | 98 min | 8.1 rating
On the night she plans on taking her own life, 17-year-old 'Lisa McVey' is kidnapped and finds herself fighting to stay alive and manages to be a victim of rape. She manages to talk her attacker into releasing her, but when she returns home, no one believes her story except for one detective, who suspects she was abducted by a serial killer. Based on horrifying true events.
Cast: Katie Douglas, David James Elliott, Rossif Sutherland, Amanda Arcuri, Chris Owens


The Miracle Club: 2023 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6 rating
Three close friends who have never left the outskirts of Dublin (much less Ireland) get the journey of a lifetime — a visit to Lourdes, the picturesque French town and place of miracles.
Cast: Maggie Smith, Laura Linney, Kathy Bates, Agnes O'Casey, Stephen Rea


Free State of Jones: 2016 | R | 140 min | 6.715 rating
In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery, Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle, Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee, he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers, Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history.
Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Mahershala Ali, Keri Russell, Jacob Lofland


The Little Prince: 2015 | PG | 108 min | 7.606 rating
Based on the best-seller book 'The Little Prince', the movie tells the story of a little girl that lives with resignation in a world where efficiency and work are the only dogmas. Everything will change when accidentally she discovers her neighbor that will tell her about the story of the Little Prince that he once met.
Cast: Riley Osborne, Mackenzie Foy, Jeff Bridges, Rachel McAdams, Marion Cotillard


Hot Pursuit: 2015 | PG-13 | 87 min | 5.7 rating
An uptight by-the-book cop must protect the widow of a drug boss from crooked cops and gunmen.
Cast: Reese Witherspoon, Sofía Vergara, Michael Mosley, Matthew Del Negro, John Carroll Lynch


One Way: 2022 | R | 96 min | 6 rating
On the run with a bag full of cash after a robbing his former crime boss—and a potentially fatal wound—Freddy slips onto a bus headed into a rainy night in Georgia. With his life slipping through his fingers, Freddy is left with very few choices to survive.
Cast: Machine Gun Kelly, Storm Reid, Drea de Matteo, Travis Fimmel, Kevin Bacon


Extinction: 2018 | R | 96 min | 6.019 rating
A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction.
Cast: Michael Peña, Lizzy Caplan, Israel Broussard, Mike Colter, Lex Shrapnel


Iron Man: Rise of Technovore: 2013 | PG-13 | 88 min | 6.003 rating
Iron Man enlists the help of ruthless vigilante the Punisher to track down War Machine's murderer. All the while, he's being pursued by S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Black Widow and Hawkeye, who suspect his involvement in a recent terrorist plot.
Cast: Tessyo Genda, Keiji Fujiwara, Miyu Irino, Hiroe Oka, Hiroki Yasumoto


American Beauty: 1999 | R | 122 min | 8 rating
Lester Burnham, a depressed suburban father in a mid-life crisis, decides to turn his hectic life around after developing an infatuation with his daughter's attractive friend.
Cast: Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari


Urotsukidōji: Legend of the Overfiend: 1989 | NC-17 | 108 min | 6 rating
Legend has it that the human race is not the only dominant civilization living on Earth. Two other races exist in this world: the Makai (a demon race) and the Jujinkai (a half-man, half-beast race). Once every 3,000 years, a supreme being known as the "Choujin" (Overfiend) will emerge and bring balance to all three realms on Earth. In present-day Japan, after 300 years of endless searching, a Jujinkai named Amano Jyaku has discovered the presence of the Choujin inside high school slacker Tatsuo Nagumo. But now, Amano, along with his sister Megumi and their sidekick Kuroko must protect Nagumo and his new girlfriend Akemi Ito from the Makai, who believe that Nagumo is not the Choujin, but an evil entity bent on destroying all living beings on Earth.
Cast: Tomohiro Nishimura, Tsutomu Kashiwakura, Kenyu Horiuchi, Maya Okamoto, Hirotaka Suzuoki


Respect: 2021 | PG-13 | 145 min | 6.8 rating
The rise of Aretha Franklin’s career from a child singing in her father’s church’s choir to her international superstardom.
Cast: Jennifer Hudson, Forest Whitaker, Marlon Wayans, Audra McDonald, Mary J. Blige


The Man with the Iron Heart: 2017 | R | 120 min | 6.555 rating
With the Third Reich at its peak in 1942, the Czech resistance in London plans the most ambitious military operation of WWII –  Anthropoid. Two young recruits are sent to Prague to assassinate the most ruthless Nazi leader – Reinhardt Heydrich, head of the SS, the Gestapo and the architect of the Final Solution.
Cast: Jason Clarke, Rosamund Pike, Jack O'Connell, Jack Reynor, Mia Wasikowska


The Greatest Story Ever Told: 1965 | G | 199 min | 6.416 rating
From his birth in Bethlehem to his death and eventual resurrection, the life of Jesus Christ is given the all-star treatment in this epic retelling. Major aspects of Christ's life are touched upon, including the execution of all the newborn males in Egypt by King Herod; Christ's baptism by John the Baptist; and the betrayal by Judas after the Last Supper that eventually leads to Christ's crucifixion and miraculous return.
Cast: Max von Sydow, Michael Anderson Jr., Carroll Baker, Ina Balin, Victor Buono


The Infernal Machine: 2022 | R | 107 min | 6.344 rating
Reclusive and controversial author Bruce Cogburn is drawn out of hiding by an obsessive fan, forcing the novelist to confront a past that he thought he could escape, and to account for events set in motion by his bestseller decades earlier. Cogburn's search for who is behind the manipulation and mental torment he encounters leads to an emotional roller-coaster ride full of fear and danger, where things are not always as clear as they seem to be, and where past deeds can have dire consequences.
Cast: Guy Pearce, Alice Eve, Jeremy Davies, Alex Pettyfer, Iris Cayatte


Irresistible: 2020 | R | 101 min | 6.066 rating
A Democratic political consultant helps a retired Marine colonel run for mayor in a small, conservative Wisconsin town.
Cast: Steve Carell, Rose Byrne, Chris Cooper, Brent Sexton, Mackenzie Davis


The King of Staten Island: 2020 | R | 137 min | 7.015 rating
Scott has been a case of arrested development ever since his firefighter father died when he was seven. He's now reached his mid-20s having achieved little, chasing a dream of becoming a tattoo artist that seems far out of reach. As his ambitious younger sister heads off to college, Scott is still living with his exhausted ER nurse mother and spends his days smoking weed, hanging with the guys — Oscar, Igor and Richie — and secretly hooking up with his childhood friend Kelsey. But when his mother starts dating a loudmouth firefighter named Ray, it sets off a chain of events that will force Scott to grapple with his grief and take his first tentative steps toward moving forward in life.
Cast: Pete Davidson, Marisa Tomei, Bill Burr, Bel Powley, Maude Apatow


The Factory: 2012 | R | 108 min | 5.6 rating
An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer.
Cast: John Cusack, Jennifer Carpenter, Mae Whitman, Dallas Roberts, Sonya Walger


Serpico: 1973 | R | 130 min | 7.544 rating
Frank Serpico is an idealistic New York City cop who refuses to take bribes, unlike the rest of the force. His actions get Frank shunned by the other officers, and often placed in dangerous situations by his partners. When his superiors ignore Frank's accusations of corruption, he decides to go public with the allegations. Although this causes the Knapp Commission to investigate his claims, Frank has also placed a target on himself.
Cast: Al Pacino, John Randolph, Jack Kehoe, Biff McGuire, Barbara Eda-Young


Addicted: 2014 | R | 105 min | 5.8 rating
A gallerist risks her family and flourishing career when she enters into an affair with a talented painter and slowly loses control of her life.
Cast: Boris Kodjoe, Brandon Gonzales, Cameron Mills, Emayatzy Corinealdi, Garrett Hines


A Goofy Movie: 1995 | G | 78 min | 6.987 rating
An endearing modern-day story about how the lovable Goof bonds with his teenage son Max on a hilarious cross-country road trip. En route to the ol' fishing hole, they find themselves up to their floppy ears in misadventure!
Cast: Bill Farmer, Jason Marsden, Rob Paulsen, Jim Cummings, Kellie Martin


The Pink Panther 2: 2009 | PG | 92 min | 5.718 rating
When legendary treasures from around the world are stolen, including the priceless Pink Panther Diamond, Chief Inspector Dreyfus is forced to assign Inspector Clouseau to a team of international detectives and experts charged with catching the thief and retrieving the stolen artifacts.
Cast: Steve Martin, Jean Reno, Emily Mortimer, Andy García, Alfred Molina


The Wall: 2017 | R | 90 min | 6.351 rating
An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper.
Cast: Aaron Taylor-Johnson, John Cena, Laith Nakli


10.0 Earthquake: 2014 |  | 88 min | 4.9 rating
Los Angeles is about to be hit by a devastating earthquake, and time is running out to save the city from imminent danger.
Cast: Heather Sossaman, Henry Ian Cusick, Cameron Richardson, Chasty Ballesteros, Jeffrey Jones


The Invisible Man: 2020 | R | 124 min | 7.125 rating
When Cecilia's abusive ex takes his own life and leaves her his fortune, she suspects his death was a hoax. As a series of coincidences turn lethal, Cecilia works to prove that she is being hunted by someone nobody can see.
Cast: Elisabeth Moss, Aldis Hodge, Storm Reid, Michael Dorman, Harriet Dyer


Little Italy: 2018 | R | 102 min | 6.705 rating
Former childhood pals Leo and Nikki are attracted to each other as adults—but will their feuding parents' rival pizzerias put a chill on their sizzling romance?
Cast: Emma Roberts, Hayden Christensen, Alyssa Milano, Danny Aiello, Andrea Martin


Any Which Way You Can: 1980 | PG | 115 min | 5.8 rating
Philo takes part in a bare knuckle fight - as he does - to make some more money than he can earn from his car repair business. He decides to retire from fighting, but when the Mafia come along and arrange another fight, he is pushed into it. A motorcycle gang and an orangutan called Clyde all add to the 'fun'.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Sondra Locke, Geoffrey Lewis, William Smith, Harry Guardino


Tarzan & Jane: 2002 | G | 75 min | 6 rating
With the first anniversary of her wedding to Tarzan beckoning, Jane ponders how to make it the perfect English celebration.
Cast: Michael T. Weiss, Olivia d'Abo, Jeff Bennett, Jim Cummings, April Winchell


A Scream in the Streets: 1972 |  | 96 min | 3.6 rating
Two Los Angeles detectives are assigned to track down and arrest a brutal rapist-murderer terrorizing the city. Their job is complicated by the fact that the killer is able to avoid capture because he can pose as a woman.
Cast: Joshua Bryant, Frank Bannon, Rosie Stone, Linda York, Brandy Lyman


Damien: Omen II: 1978 | R | 107 min | 6.4 rating
Since the sudden and highly suspicious death of his parents, 12-year-old Damien has been in the charge of his wealthy aunt and uncle. Widely feared to be the Antichrist, Damien relentlessly plots to seize control of his uncle's business empire—and the world. Anyone attempting to unravel the secrets of Damien's sinister past or fiendish future meets with a swift and cruel demise.
Cast: William Holden, Lee Grant, Jonathan Scott-Taylor, Robert Foxworth, Nicholas Pryor


Before We Go: 2014 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6.714 rating
A woman who is robbed on her way to catch the 1:30 train to Boston is left stranded in New York City. She meets a man who helps her during the course of the night and the two form a romance.
Cast: Chris Evans, Alice Eve, Emma Fitzpatrick, Mark Kassen, Daniel Spink


Things Heard & Seen: 2021 | NR | 121 min | 5.743 rating
Catherine Clare reluctantly trades life in 1980 Manhattan for a remote home in the tiny hamlet of Chosen, New York, after her husband George lands a job teaching art history at a small Hudson Valley college. Even as she does her best to transform the old dairy farm into a place where young daughter Franny will be happy, Catherine increasingly finds herself isolated and alone. She soon comes to sense a sinister darkness lurking both in the walls of the ramshackle property—and in her marriage to George.
Cast: Amanda Seyfried, James Norton, Natalia Dyer, Alex Neustaedter, Rhea Seehorn


Marcel the Shell with Shoes On: 2022 |  | 90 min | 7.7 rating
Marcel is an adorable one-inch-tall shell who ekes out a colorful existence with his grandmother Connie and their pet lint, Alan. Once part of a sprawling community of shells, they now live alone as the sole survivors of a mysterious tragedy. But when a documentary filmmaker discovers them amongst the clutter of his Airbnb, the short film he posts online brings Marcel millions of passionate fans, as well as unprecedented dangers and a new hope at finding his long-lost family.
Cast: Jenny Slate, Dean Fleischer Camp, Isabella Rossellini, Joe Gabler, Shari Finkelstein


Mimic: 1997 | R | 105 min | 6.1 rating
A disease carried by common cockroaches is killing Manhattan children. In an effort to stop the epidemic an entomologist, Susan Tyler, creates a mutant breed of insect that secretes a fluid to kill the roaches. This mutant breed was engineered to die after one generation, but three years later Susan finds out that the species has survived and evolved into a large, gruesome monster that can mimic human form.
Cast: Mira Sorvino, Jeremy Northam, Alexander Goodwin, Josh Brolin, Alix Koromzay


A Christmas Carol: 2019 | R | 173 min | 7 rating
London, 1843. Ebenezer Scrooge, a bitter old man, despises the Christmas holiday. Over the course of Christmas Eve night he is visited by three ghosts to show him his past, present and future.
Cast: Guy Pearce, Andy Serkis, Stephen Graham, Joe Alwyn, Vinette Robinson


Evan Almighty: 2007 | PG | 96 min | 5.6 rating
Junior congressman Evan Baxter, whose wish is to "change the world" is heard by none other than God. When God appears with the perplexing request to build an ark, Evan is sure he is losing it.
Cast: Steve Carell, Morgan Freeman, Lauren Graham, Johnny Simmons, Graham Phillips


Firebreather: 2010 | PG | 70 min | 7.4 rating
It's not easy being a teen like Duncan. His mom wants him to pay more attention to his homework, while his dad - a 120-foot-tall monster known as a Kaiju - wants him to become the next King of All Monsters. When these worlds collide, Duncan must use his human wits and his Kaiju powers - including super strength, agility and the ability to breathe fire - to protect his family and friends from a giant monster rampage.
Cast: Dana Delany, Jesse Head, Dante Basco, Grey DeLisle, Reed Diamond


Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit: 2014 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.118 rating
Jack Ryan, as a young covert CIA analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack.
Cast: Chris Pine, Keira Knightley, Kevin Costner, Kenneth Branagh, Lenn Kudrjawizki


Strange Way of Life: 2023 | R | 31 min | 6.404 rating
After 25 years, an ex hired gun visits his old colleague, who is now a small town sheriff. Their past relationship is explored, as is how they reflect on it in the present.
Cast: Ethan Hawke, Pedro Pascal, Jason Fernández, José Condessa, Daniel Rived


Hop: 2011 | PG | 95 min | 5.73 rating
E.B., the Easter Bunny's teenage son, heads to Hollywood, determined to become a drummer in a rock 'n' roll band. In L.A., he's taken in by Fred after the out-of-work slacker hits E.B. with his car.
Cast: Russell Brand, James Marsden, Kaley Cuoco, Hank Azaria, Elizabeth Perkins


Bad Times at the El Royale: 2018 |  | 141 min | 6.832 rating
Lake Tahoe, 1969. Seven strangers, each one with a secret to bury, meet at El Royale, a decadent motel with a dark past. In the course of a fateful night, everyone will have one last shot at redemption.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Cynthia Erivo, Dakota Johnson, Jon Hamm, Lewis Pullman


The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: 2003 | R | 98 min | 6.248 rating
After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker, five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a chainsaw-wielding killer and his family of equally psychopathic killers.
Cast: Jessica Biel, Jonathan Tucker, Andrew Bryniarski, Erica Leerhsen, Eric Balfour


Welcome to Marwen: 2018 | PG-13 | 116 min | 6.6 rating
When a devastating attack shatters Mark Hogancamp and wipes away all memories, no one expected recovery. Putting together pieces from his old and new life, Mark meticulously creates a wondrous town named Marwen where he can heal and be heroic. As he builds an astonishing art installation — a testament to the most powerful women he knows — through his fantasy world, he draws strength to triumph in the real one.
Cast: Steve Carell, Leslie Mann, Merritt Wever, Janelle Monáe, Diane Kruger


Blow: 2001 | R | 124 min | 7.367 rating
A boy named George Jung grows up in a struggling family in the 1950's. His mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family. It is finally revealed that George's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt. George does not want the same thing to happen to him, and his friend Tuna, in the 1960's, suggests that he deal marijuana. He is a big hit in California in the 1960's, yet he goes to jail, where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine. As a result, when released, he gets rich by bringing cocaine to America. However, he soon pays the price.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Penélope Cruz, Franka Potente, Rachel Griffiths, Paul Reubens


Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins: 2008 | PG-13 | 114 min | 6.041 rating
When a celebrated TV show host returns to his hometown in the South, his family is there to remind him that going home is no vacation!
Cast: Martin Lawrence, James Earl Jones, Margaret Avery, Joy Bryant, Cedric the Entertainer


Palo Alto: 2013 | R | 100 min | 6.104 rating
Shy, sensitive April is the class virgin, torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach Mr. B and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy. Emily, meanwhile, offers sexual favors to every boy to cross her path — including both Teddy and his best friend Fred, a live wire without filters or boundaries. As one high school party bleeds into the next — and April and Teddy struggle to admit their mutual affection — Fred's escalating recklessness starts to spiral into chaos.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Jack Kilmer, Nat Wolff, James Franco, Zoe Levin


Til Death Do Us Part: 2023 |  | 109 min | 6 rating
After bailing on her wedding, a former bride-to-be must fight off her ex-groom and seven angry killer groomsmen in order to survive the night.
Cast: Cam Gigandet, Jason Patric, Natalie Burn, Orlando Jones, Ser'Darius Blain


Flashdance: 1983 | R | 95 min | 6.491 rating
Alex Owens, a teen juggling between two odd jobs, aspires to become a successful ballet dancer. Nick, who is her boss and lover, supports and encourages her to fulfil her dream.
Cast: Jennifer Beals, Michael Nouri, Sunny Johnson, Kyle T. Heffner, Cynthia Rhodes


Cracks: 2009 | R | 104 min | 6.663 rating
Jealousy flares after the headmistress of an elite boarding school for girls becomes obsessed with a new student.
Cast: Eva Green, Juno Temple, María Valverde, Imogen Poots, Ellie Nunn


The Double: 2011 | PG-13 | 98 min | 5.77 rating
The mysterious murder of a US senator bearing the distinctive trademark of the legendary Soviet assassin 'Cassius', forces retired CIA operative, Paul Shepherson to team with rookie FBI agent, Ben Geary  to solve the crime. Having spent his career chasing Cassius, Shepherdson is convinced his nemesis is long dead, but is pushed to take on the case by his former supervisor, Tom Highland. Geary, who wrote his Master's thesis on Shepherdson's pursuit of the Soviet killer, is certain that Cassius has resurfaced.
Cast: Richard Gere, Topher Grace, Martin Sheen, Tamer Hassan, Stephen Moyer


Daddy Day Care: 2003 | PG | 92 min | 5.9 rating
Two men get laid off and have to become stay-at-home dads when they can't find jobs, which inspires them to open their own day-care center.
Cast: Eddie Murphy, Jeff Garlin, Steve Zahn, Regina King, Kevin Nealon


Money Shot: The Pornhub Story: 2023 | R | 95 min | 5.7 rating
Featuring interviews with performers, activists and past employees, this documentary offers a deep dive into the successes and scandals of Pornhub.
Cast: Noelle Perdue, Michael Stabile, Siri, Wolf Hudson, Martin Patriquin


The Party: 2017 | R | 71 min | 6.343 rating
Various individuals think they’re coming together for a party in a private home, but a series of revelations results in a huge crisis that throws their belief systems – and their values – into total disarray.
Cast: Timothy Spall, Kristin Scott Thomas, Patricia Clarkson, Bruno Ganz, Cherry Jones


The Wedding Planner: 2001 | PG-13 | 103 min | 5.9 rating
San Francisco's premiere wedding planner, Mary Fiore is rescued from an accident by the man of her dreams, pediatrician Steve Edison, only to find he is the fiancé of her latest client. As Mary continues making their wedding arrangements, she and Steve are put into a string of uncomfortable situations that force them to face their mutual attraction.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Matthew McConaughey, Justin Chambers, Joanna Gleason, Lou Myers


The Worst Person in the World: 2021 | R | 128 min | 7.532 rating
The chronicles of four years in the life of Julie, a young woman who navigates the troubled waters of her love life and struggles to find her career path, leading her to take a realistic look at who she really is.
Cast: Renate Reinsve, Anders Danielsen Lie, Herbert Nordrum, Hans Olav Brenner, Helene Bjørnebye


Smurfs: The Lost Village: 2017 | PG | 89 min | 6.322 rating
In this fully animated, all-new take on the Smurfs, a mysterious map sets Smurfette and her friends Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty on an exciting race through the Forbidden Forest leading to the discovery of the biggest secret in Smurf history.
Cast: Demi Lovato, Rainn Wilson, Joe Manganiello, Jack McBrayer, Danny Pudi


No Good Deed: 2014 | PG-13 | 84 min | 5.9 rating
Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family.
Cast: Idris Elba, Taraji P. Henson, Leslie Bibb, Kate del Castillo, Henry Simmons


Echo Boomers: 2020 |  | 94 min | 5.8 rating
Five post grads figure the best way to get back at the unfair economy and live the life they've always wanted is to steal from the rich and give to themselves.
Cast: Michael Shannon, Alex Pettyfer, Lesley Ann Warren, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Oliver Cooper


American Pie Presents: The Book of Love: 2009 | R | 93 min | 5.3 rating
Ten years after the first American Pie movie, three new hapless virgins discover the Bible hidden in the school library at East Great Falls High. Unfortunately for them, the book is ruined, and with incomplete advice, the Bible leads them on a hilarious journey to lose their virginity.
Cast: Bug Hall, Brandon Hardesty, Kevin M. Horton, Beth Behrs, Melanie Papalia


Eye in the Sky: 2015 | R | 102 min | 7.034 rating
A UK-based military officer in command of a top secret drone operation to capture terrorists in Kenya discovers the targets are planning a suicide bombing and the mission escalates from “capture” to “kill.” As American pilot Steve Watts is about to engage, a nine-year old girl enters the kill zone, triggering an international dispute reaching the highest levels of US and British government over the moral, political, and personal implications of modern warfare.
Cast: Helen Mirren, Aaron Paul, Alan Rickman, Barkhad Abdi, Jeremy Northam


The Angry Birds Movie: 2016 | PG | 97 min | 6.213 rating
An island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red, a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck, and the volatile Bomb have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it’s up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.
Cast: Jason Sudeikis, Josh Gad, Danny McBride, Maya Rudolph, Bill Hader


Winchester '73: 1950 | NR | 92 min | 7.262 rating
Lin McAdam rides into town on the trail of Dutch Henry Brown, only to find himself in a shooting competition against him. McAdam wins the prize, a one-in-a-thousand Winchester rifle, but Dutch steals it and leaves town. McAdam follows, intent on settling his old quarrel, while the rifle keeps changing hands and touching a number of lives.
Cast: James Stewart, Shelley Winters, Dan Duryea, Stephen McNally, Millard Mitchell


12 Games of Christmas: 2023 | G | 84 min | 5 rating
A group of old friends and neighbors are transported into a Christmas-themed board game during a Christmas party.
Cast: Johnny Ramey, Felisha Cooper, Exzinia Scott, Ernest Pierce, James Zimbardi


Black Mirror: Bandersnatch: 2018 | R | 90 min | 6.768 rating
In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings.
Cast: Fionn Whitehead, Craig Parkinson, Alice Lowe, Asim Chaudhry, Will Poulter


Darkman: 1990 | R | 95 min | 6.399 rating
Dr. Peyton Westlake is on the verge of realizing a major breakthrough in synthetic skin when his laboratory is destroyed by gangsters. Having been burned beyond recognition and forever altered by an experimental medical procedure, Westlake becomes known as Darkman, assuming alternate identities in his quest for revenge and a new life with a former love.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Frances McDormand, Colin Friels, Larry Drake, Nelson Mashita


Monty Python and the Holy Grail: 1975 | PG | 91 min | 7.802 rating
King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way, Arthur battles the Black Knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not  to enter, as "it is a silly place".
Cast: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones


50/50: 2011 | R | 100 min | 7.17 rating
Inspired by a true story, a comedy centered on a 27-year-old guy who learns of his cancer diagnosis and his subsequent struggle to beat the disease.
Cast: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen, Anna Kendrick, Bryce Dallas Howard, Philip Baker Hall


Barbie of Swan Lake: 2003 | G | 83 min | 6.985 rating
Barbie as Odette, the young daughter of a baker, follows a unicorn into the Enchanted Forest and is transformed into a swan by an evil wizard intent on defeating the Fairy Queen.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Mark Hildreth, Kelsey Grammer, Maggie Wheeler, Venus Terzo


You Get Me: 2017 |  | 89 min | 5.625 rating
After arguing with his girlfriend, Ali, Tyler lands in the arms of sexy new girl, Holly. The next morning, he finds that not only does Ali agree to take him back, but Holly is a new student at their school and is dead set on her new man.
Cast: Bella Thorne, Halston Sage, Taylor John Smith, Nash Grier, Anna Akana


Speak: 2004 |  | 89 min | 6.905 rating
Freshman high-school student Melinda has refused to speak ever since she called the cops on a popular summer party. With her old friends snubbing her for being a rat, and her parents too busy to notice her troubles, she folds into herself, trying to hide her secret: that star senior Andy raped her at the party. But Melinda does manage to find solace in her art class headed by Mr. Freeman.
Cast: Kristen Stewart, Elizabeth Perkins, Steve Zahn, Michael Angarano, D.B. Sweeney


The Accused: 1988 | R | 111 min | 7.022 rating
After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack.
Cast: Kelly McGillis, Jodie Foster, Bernie Coulson, Leo Rossi, Ann Hearn


The Indian in the Cupboard: 1995 | PG | 96 min | 6.4 rating
A nine-year-old boy gets a plastic Indian and a cupboard for his birthday and finds himself involved in adventure when the Indian comes to life and befriends him.
Cast: Hal Scardino, Litefoot, Lindsay Crouse, Richard Jenkins, Rishi Bhat


My Cousin Sister: 2019 | NR | 59 min | 3 rating
Cousins who work at a single workplace, the man having sex with her older cousin who is angry at him, his younger cousin he loves before who visits, and a hot love story that begins again. The story of a woman who wants to leave the countryside falls into the charm of an uncle who lives with her in town, and a new story written with entangled desires.
Cast: Ahn So-hee, Min Do-yoon, Kang Min-woo, Yoo Hae-na, Lee Mi-na


Brave Citizen: 2023 | NR | 112 min | 6.4 rating
An expelled boxing champion, who now is a high-school teacher, witnesses intolerable violence and throws her first punch to build justice against it, while putting on a mask.
Cast: Shin Hye-sun, Lee Jun-young, Park Jung-woo, Park Hyeok-kwon, Cha Chung-hwa


Phone Booth: 2003 | R | 81 min | 6.841 rating
A slick New York publicist who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up, he'll be killed... and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Kiefer Sutherland, Forest Whitaker, Radha Mitchell, Katie Holmes


Pretty Young Sister: 2020 | NR | 64 min | 9 rating
Ji-yeong and Woo-hyeon is on a fun, casual relationship. However, Woo-hyeon finds out that his friend Min-soo likes Ji-yeong and decides to be a stepping stone between them. Will Min-soo and Ji-yeong be able to date after many twists and turns? Or will Ji-yeong go back to Woo-hyeon's arms? The story of two men surrouding Ji-yeong's heart begins.
Cast: Seung Ha, Chul Jin, Joong In, Gil Dong


Some Like It Hot: 1959 | NR | 122 min | 8.109 rating
Two musicians witness a mob hit and struggle to find a way out of the city before they are found by the gangsters. Their only opportunity is to join an all-girl band as they leave on a tour. To make their getaway they must first disguise themselves as women, then keep their identities secret and deal with the problems this brings - such as an attractive bandmate and a very determined suitor.
Cast: Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, George Raft, Pat O’Brien


Burning Bright: 2010 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6.3 rating
After her lousy stepfather steals her savings to buy a vicious tiger, Kelly loses all hope of going to college. But Kelly's situation worsens when a hurricane leaves her and her autistic brother boarded up in their house with the man-eating beast. This edge-of-your-seat thriller follows the gutsy heroine and her younger sibling as they struggle to outwit the ravenous predator and find a way to survive.
Cast: Briana Evigan, Garret Dillahunt, Charlie Tahan, Peggy Sheffield, Mary Rachel Dudley


The Devil's Advocate: 1997 | R | 144 min | 7.45 rating
Aspiring Florida defense lawyer Kevin Lomax accepts a job at a New York law firm. With the stakes getting higher every case, Kevin quickly learns that his boss has something far more evil planned.
Cast: Keanu Reeves, Al Pacino, Charlize Theron, Jeffrey Jones, Judith Ivey


Children Who Chase Lost Voices: 2011 | PG | 116 min | 7.223 rating
The film centers on Asuna, a young girl who spends her solitary days listening to the mysterious music emanating from the crystal radio she received from her late father as a memento. One day while walking home she is attacked by a fearsome monster and saved mysterious boy named Shun. However, Shun disappears and Asuna embarks on a journey of adventure to the land of Agartha with her teacher Mr. Morisaki to meet a Shun again. Through her journey she comes to know the cruelty and beauty of the world, as well as loss.
Cast: Hisako Kanemoto, Kazuhiko Inoue, Miyu Irino, Rina Hidaka, Fumiko Orikasa


Just Visiting: 2001 | PG | 88 min | 4.7 rating
A knight and his valet are plagued by a witch, and to repair the damage they make use of the services of a wizard. However, something goes wrong and they are transported from the 12th century to the year 2000. There the knight meets some of his family and slowly learns what this new century is like. However, he still needs to get back to the 12th century to deal with the witch, so he starts looking for a wizard. Remake of  1993 French film Les Visiteurs (The Visitors).
Cast: Jean Reno, Christian Clavier, Christina Applegate, Matt Ross, Tara Reid


Summer Temptations: 1988 | NR | 82 min | 5.2 rating
In a villa on an island (St. Peter) a little out of season, inhabit Vanessa, a young widow, and stepdaughters Kikki and alive. Vanessa had married their father above all because it was very rich. After her husband's death, Vanessa decided to keep him Alive and Kikki and also call Roberto, her former lover, now a professor with the aim of preparing the two girls to the maturity examination. Shortly after his arrival, he establishes an atmosphere heavy with half-empty Island the villa that seems almost a luxury prison do understand immediately that the stepmother and stepdaughters will hate and despise each other.
Cast: Moana Pozzi, Petra Scharbach, Ursula Davis, Marino Masé, Alessandro Vivarelli


Crown for Christmas: 2015 |  | 84 min | 6.898 rating
Allie Foster, a struggling New York artist, reluctantly accepts to act as a governess to a rebellious Princess Theodora of Winshire. When Allie forms an unlikely bond with the princess, she attracts the attention of the handsome King Maximillian, who’s facing an arranged marriage against his heart’s wishes. As Christmas Eve draws near, Allie finds herself swept up in romance, royalty and the spirit of the holidays.
Cast: Danica McKellar, Rupert Penry-Jones, Ellie Botterill, Pavel Douglas, Colin McFarlane


Live and Let Die: 1973 | PG | 121 min | 6.49 rating
James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big.
Cast: Roger Moore, Yaphet Kotto, Jane Seymour, Clifton James, Julius Harris


Assassin Club: 2023 | R | 113 min | 6.274 rating
In this world of contract killers, Morgan Gaines is the best of the best. When Morgan is hired to kill six people around the world, he soon discovers all the targets are also assassins unknowingly hired to kill each other.
Cast: Henry Golding, Noomi Rapace, Daniela Melchior, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Sam Neill


Naruto Shippuden the Movie: The Will of Fire: 2009 | PG-13 | 95 min | 7.2 rating
Ninjas with bloodline limits begin disappearing in all the countries and blame points toward the fire nation. By Tsunade's order, Kakashi is sacrificed to prevent an all out war. After inheriting charms left by Kakashi, Naruto fights through friends and foes to prevent his death while changing the minds of those who've inherited the will of fire.
Cast: Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Kazuhiko Inoue, Romi Park, Satoshi Hino


Future World: 2018 | R | 88 min | 4.4 rating
A young boy searches a future world wasteland for a rumored cure for his dying mother.
Cast: James Franco, Suki Waterhouse, Jeffrey Wahlberg, Milla Jovovich, Lucy Liu


Serenity: 2005 | PG-13 | 119 min | 7.369 rating
When the renegade crew of Serenity agrees to hide a fugitive on their ship, they find themselves in an action-packed battle between the relentless military might of a totalitarian regime who will destroy anything – or anyone – to get the girl back and the bloodthirsty creatures who roam the uncharted areas of space. But... the greatest danger of all may be on their ship.
Cast: Nathan Fillion, Summer Glau, Gina Torres, Alan Tudyk, Morena Baccarin


Snatched: 2017 | R | 90 min | 5.4 rating
When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape.
Cast: Amy Schumer, Goldie Hawn, Tom Bateman, Christopher Meloni, Wanda Sykes


Official Secrets: 2019 |  | 112 min | 7.231 rating
The true story of British intelligence whistleblower Katharine Gun who—prior to the 2003 Iraq invasion—leaked a top-secret NSA memo exposing a joint US-UK illegal spying operation against members of the UN Security Council. The memo proposed blackmailing member states into voting for war.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Matt Smith, Ralph Fiennes, Adam Bakri, Matthew Goode


Tooth Fairy: 2010 | PG | 101 min | 5.48 rating
When minor-league hockey player Derek Thompson -- who has a penchant for knocking out his opponents' teeth every time he plays -- disillusions a fan, he is sentenced to a stint for one week as a bona fide, tutu-clad, real-life tooth fairy. Soon, Derek is inspired to rekindle his youthful dreams.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Stephen Merchant, Ashley Judd, Julie Andrews, Ryan Sheckler


Jikirag: 2022 |  | 120 min | 6.8 rating
A pagan village, founded on the bones of both innocent and foul, is deeply rooted within the heart of an ancient Eden. When a balance of flesh and soil decays, the last surviving village elder battles madness and the macabre to save her people from not only themselves, but the monstrous judgement that burrows up from below.
Cast: Tracey Roath, Alexander J. Baxter, Roy Campsall, Josefin Jönsson Tysén, Corey Woods


Seeking Justice: 2011 | R | 105 min | 5.898 rating
After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists the services of a vigilante group to help him settle the score.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, January Jones, Guy Pearce, Harold Perrineau, Jennifer Carpenter


Close: 2019 | R | 95 min | 5.8 rating
A counter-terrorism expert takes a job protecting a young heiress. After an attempted kidnapping puts both of their lives in danger, they must flee.
Cast: Noomi Rapace, Sophie Nélisse, Indira Varma, Eoin Macken, Akin Gazi


Lost Bullet 2: 2022 | R | 98 min | 6.528 rating
Having cleared his name, genius mechanic Lino has only one goal in mind: getting revenge on the corrupt cops who killed his brother and his mentor.
Cast: Alban Lenoir, Stéfi Celma, Pascale Arbillot, Sébastien Lalanne, Diego Martín


You Won't Be Alone: 2022 |  | 108 min | 6.547 rating
In an isolated mountain village in 19th century Macedonia, a young feral witch accidentally kills a peasant. She assumes the peasant's shape to see what life is like in her skin, igniting a deep seated curiosity to experience life inside the bodies of others.
Cast: Sara Klimoska, Anamaria Marinca, Alice Englert, Félix Maritaud, Carloto Cotta


Just Cause: 1995 | R | 102 min | 6.198 rating
A Harvard professor is lured back into the courtroom after twenty-five years to take the case of a young black man condemned to death for the horrific murder of a child.
Cast: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Kate Capshaw, Ruby Dee


3:10 to Yuma: 2007 | R | 122 min | 7.205 rating
In Arizona in the late 1800s, infamous outlaw Ben Wade and his vicious gang of thieves and murderers have plagued the Southern Railroad. When Wade is captured, Civil War veteran Dan Evans, struggling to survive on his drought-plagued ranch, volunteers to deliver him alive to the "3:10 to Yuma", a train that will take the killer to trial.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Christian Bale, Peter Fonda, Gretchen Mol, Ben Foster


Mad Max 2: 1981 | R | 96 min | 7.389 rating
Max Rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who drives the dusty roads of a postapocalyptic Australian Outback in an unending search for gasoline. Arrayed against him and the other scraggly defendants of a fuel-depot encampment are the bizarre warriors commanded by the charismatic Lord Humungus, a violent leader whose scruples are as barren as the surrounding landscape.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Bruce Spence, Michael Preston, Max Phipps, Vernon Wells


The Return of Godzilla: 1984 |  | 103 min | 7.231 rating
After a fishing boat is attacked, the sole surviving crew member realizes it is none other than a resurrected Godzilla. However, efforts to bring the story to light are suppressed by the Japanese government amid growing political tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union, who are both willing to bomb Japan to stop the monster.
Cast: Ken Tanaka, Yasuko Sawaguchi, Yōsuke Natsuki, Keiju Kobayashi, Shin Takuma


Dan in Real Life: 2007 | PG-13 | 98 min | 6.557 rating
Advice columnist, Dan Burns is an expert on relationships, but somehow struggles to succeed as a brother, a son and a single parent to three precocious daughters. Things get even more complicated when Dan finds out that the woman he falls in love with is actually his brother's new girlfriend.
Cast: Steve Carell, Juliette Binoche, Dane Cook, Alison Pill, Britt Robertson


Under the Silver Lake: 2018 | R | 139 min | 6.385 rating
Young and disenchanted Sam meets a mysterious and beautiful woman who's swimming in his building's pool one night. When she suddenly vanishes the next morning, Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance, leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery, scandal and conspiracy.
Cast: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez, Don McManus


Sheroes: 2023 | R | 91 min | 6.3 rating
When four thick-as-thieves friends arrive in Thailand, they quickly find themselves in over their heads. Fighting to stay alive, they employ their unique set of skills and unleash their fierce loyalty in a heart-pumping battle for survival.
Cast: Sasha Luss, Wallis Day, Isabelle Fuhrman, Skai Jackson, Jack Kesy


Music and Lyrics: 2007 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.408 rating
A washed-up '80s pop star gets a chance at a comeback when reigning pop diva Cora Corman invites him to write & record a duet with her, but there's a problem--Alex hasn't written a song in years; he's never written lyrics and he has to come up with a hit in a matter of days.
Cast: Drew Barrymore, Hugh Grant, Toni Trucks, Brad Garrett, Haley Bennett


Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior: 2008 | G | 96 min | 6.748 rating
When Giratina is discovered to be able to create parallel dimensions, it's up to Ash and his friends to stop a mysterious stranger from using its powers for evil.
Cast: Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Yuji Ueda, Megumi Toyoguchi, Megumi Hayashibara


Slender Man: 2018 | PG-13 | 93 min | 4.313 rating
In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim.
Cast: Javier Botet, Joey King, Julia Goldani Telles, Jaz Sinclair, Annalise Basso


Think Like a Man Too: 2014 | PG-13 | 105 min | 6.433 rating
All the couples are back for a wedding in Las Vegas, but plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event.
Cast: Kevin Hart, Michael Ealy, Jerry Ferrara, Meagan Good, Regina Hall


The Theory of Everything: 2014 | PG-13 | 123 min | 7.859 rating
The Theory of Everything is the extraordinary story of one of the world’s greatest living minds, the renowned astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, who falls deeply in love with fellow Cambridge student Jane Wilde.
Cast: Eddie Redmayne, Felicity Jones, Charlie Cox, Emily Watson, Simon McBurney


Lake Placid vs. Anaconda: 2015 |  | 92 min | 5.058 rating
A giant alligator goes head to head with a giant Anaconda. The town sheriff must find a way to destroy the two monsters before they kill the whole town.
Cast: Yancy Butler, Corin Nemec, Skye Lourie, Robert Englund, Annabel Wright


King of Thorn: 2010 | NR | 109 min | 6.6 rating
A mysterious virus, nicknamed Medusa, is spreading around Japan, turning its victims into stone. Given the impossibility of finding an immediate cure, the government opts for cryopreserving a select group of patients until they come up with a solution. Kasumi, one of the chosen ones, has been asleep for years and her awakening, more than a bed of roses, is a bed of thorns, and happens in the midst of total chaos where monstrous creatures lie in wait all around.
Cast: Kana Hanazawa, Kohsei Hirota, Misaki Kuno, Tsutomu Isobe, Sayaka Ohara


National Treasure: Book of Secrets: 2007 | PG | 124 min | 6.3 rating
Benjamin Franklin Gates and Abigail Chase re-team with Riley Poole and, now armed with a stack of long-lost pages from John Wilkes Booth's diary, Ben must follow a clue left there to prove his ancestor's innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Jon Voight, Harvey Keitel, Ed Harris, Diane Kruger


The Treasure of the Sierra Madre: 1948 |  | 126 min | 7.962 rating
Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster.
Cast: Humphrey Bogart, Walter Huston, Tim Holt, Bruce Bennett, Barton MacLane


The Hunter's Prayer: 2017 | R | 91 min | 5.718 rating
An assassin forges an unlikely partnership with one of his targets: a woman seeking revenge for the murder of her family.
Cast: Sam Worthington, Odeya Rush, Amy Landecker, Dean S. Jagger, Verónica Echegui


Lethal Weapon: 1987 | R | 110 min | 7.288 rating
Veteran buttoned-down LAPD detective Roger Murtaugh is partnered with unhinged cop Martin Riggs, who -- distraught after his wife's death -- has a death wish and takes unnecessary risks with criminals at every turn. The odd couple embark on their first homicide investigation as partners, involving a young woman known to Murtaugh with ties to a drug and prostitution ring.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Gary Busey, Mitchell Ryan, Tom Atkins


Hands of Stone: 2016 | R | 105 min | 6.5 rating
The legendary Roberto Duran and his equally legendary trainer Ray Arcel change each other's lives.
Cast: Edgar Ramírez, Robert De Niro, Usher, Rubén Blades, Ana de Armas


American Outlaws: 2001 | PG-13 | 94 min | 6 rating
When a Midwest town learns that a corrupt railroad baron has captured the deeds to their homesteads without their knowledge, a group of young ranchers join forces to take back what is rightfully theirs. They will become the object of the biggest manhunt in the history of the Old West and, as their fame grows, so will the legend of their leader, a young outlaw by the name of Jesse James.
Cast: Colin Farrell, Scott Caan, Ali Larter, Gabriel Macht, Gregory Smith


Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle: 2017 | PG-13 | 119 min | 6.826 rating
Four teenagers in detention discover an old video game console with a game they’ve never heard of. When they decide to play, they are immediately sucked into the jungle world of Jumanji in the bodies of their avatars. They’ll have to complete the adventure of their lives filled with fun, thrills and danger or be stuck in the game forever!
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Jack Black, Karen Gillan, Rhys Darby


Hideaway: 1995 | R | 103 min | 5.1 rating
Hatch Harrison, his wife, Lindsey, and their daughter, Regina, are enjoying a pleasant drive when a car crash leaves wife and daughter unharmed but kills Hatch. However, an ingenious doctor, Jonas Nyebern, manages to revive Hatch after two lifeless hours. But Hatch does not come back unchanged. He begins to suffer horrible visions of murder -- only to find out the visions are the sights of a serial killer.
Cast: Jeff Goldblum, Christine Lahti, Alicia Silverstone, Jeremy Sisto, Alfred Molina


Robin Hood: 1973 | G | 83 min | 7.289 rating
With King Richard off to the Crusades, Prince John and his slithering minion, Sir Hiss, set about taxing Nottingham's citizens with support from the corrupt sheriff - and staunch opposition by the wily Robin Hood and his band of merry men.
Cast: Brian Bedford, Phil Harris, Andy Devine, Monica Evans, Peter Ustinov


Death at a Funeral: 2007 | R | 90 min | 6.9 rating
A myriad of outrageous calamities befalls an eccentric English clan with more than a few skeletons in its closets when the family's patriarch dies an unexpected death.
Cast: Matthew Macfadyen, Peter Dinklage, Ewen Bremner, Keeley Hawes, Andy Nyman


Three Wishes for Cinderella: 2021 | NR | 87 min | 7 rating
Norwegian remake of the 1973 Czech film "Three Wishes for Cinderella" by Václav Vorlícek. Since her father's death, Cinderella lives with her cruel stepmother and spoiled stepsister, who treat her like a servant in her own house. During one of her daily escapes to the forest, Cinderella prevents a couple of men from hunting, amongst them the handsome Prince of the kingdom. Cinderella and the Prince immediately feel attracted to each other, but he is expected to find a suitable bride at the next royal ball, which Cinderella is not allowed to attend. Equipped with a great deal of courage and empowered by her three magical acorns, she decides to stand up for herself and determine her own fate. Will she be able to break free from her stepmother's tyranny and find true love?
Cast: Astrid S, Cengiz Al, Ellen Dorrit Petersen, Ingrid Unnur Giæver, Thorbjørn Harr


Black Mass: 2015 | R | 123 min | 6.502 rating
The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Joel Edgerton, Julianne Nicholson, Dakota Johnson, Kevin Bacon


Z-O-M-B-I-E-S 3: 2022 | G | 88 min | 7.5 rating
Zed and Addison are beginning their final year at Seabrook High in the town that’s become a safe haven for monsters and humans alike. Zed is anticipating an athletic scholarship that will make him the first Zombie to attend college, while Addison is gearing up for Seabrook’s first international cheer-off competition. Then suddenly, extraterrestrial beings appear around Seabrook, provoking something other than friendly competition.
Cast: Milo Manheim, Meg Donnelly, Chandler Kinney, Trevor Tordjman, Ariel Martin


Scooby-Doo! and the Witch's Ghost: 1999 | NR | 70 min | 7.4 rating
Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Gang visit Oakhaven, Massachusetts to seek strange goings on involving a famous horror novelist and his ancestor who is rumored be a witch.
Cast: Scott Innes, Mary Kay Bergman, Frank Welker, B.J. Ward, Tim Curry


The Drop: 2022 |  | 92 min | 5.9 rating
A seemingly happy married couple confronts a test of their marriage when one of them drops a baby while at a destination wedding at a tropical island.
Cast: Anna Konkle, Jermaine Fowler, Aparna Nancherla, Jillian Bell, Joshua Leonard


The Late Bloomer: 2016 | R | 90 min | 5.5 rating
A sex therapist goes through puberty after the successful removal of a benign tumor resting against his pituitary gland. He experiences all the changes and effects of puberty over a three-week period.
Cast: Johnny Simmons, Brittany Snow, J.K. Simmons, Jane Lynch, Maria Bello


Tamako Love Story: 2014 | NR | 83 min | 7.051 rating
Devoted to her family’s rice-cake–making business and the high school baton club, Tamako is a little slow when it comes to love. She’s oblivious to her childhood friend Mochizo’s affections, even though all their friends know. With graduation closing in and Mochizo leaving for Tokyo, will Tamako realise her feelings and tell him in time?
Cast: Aya Suzaki, Atsushi Tamaru, Yuri Yamaoka, Yuki Kaneko, Juri Nagatsuma


The Cellar: 2022 |  | 94 min | 6.6 rating
When Keira Woods' daughter mysteriously vanishes in the cellar of their new house in the country, she soon discovers there is an ancient and powerful entity controlling their home that she will have to face or risk losing her family's souls forever.
Cast: Elisha Cuthbert, Eoin Macken, Dylan Fitzmaurice-Brady, Tara Lee, Michael-David McKernan


The Express: 2008 | PG | 130 min | 7.143 rating
Based on the incredible true story, The Express follows the inspirational life of college football hero Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy.
Cast: Rob Brown, Dennis Quaid, Darrin Henson, Omar Benson Miller, Nelsan Ellis


The Gates: 2022 |  | 111 min | 7.1 rating
A serial killer has been sentenced to death by electric chair in London in the 1890s, but in his final hours, he puts a curse on the prison he is in, and all of those in it.
Cast: John Rhys-Davies, Michael Yare, Elena Delia, Richard Brake, David Pearse


The Fugitive: 1993 | PG-13 | 131 min | 7.462 rating
Wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife and sentenced to death, Richard Kimble escapes from the law in an attempt to find the real killer and clear his name.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Tommy Lee Jones, Joe Pantoliano, Jeroen Krabbé, Daniel Roebuck


Behaving Badly: 2014 | R | 92 min | 5.3 rating
Teenager Rick Stevens is willing to do whatever it takes to win the heart of Nina Pennington. He'll have to deal with his best friend's horny mom, a drug abusing boss and even the mob if he ever hopes to land the girl of his dreams. Love is never easy!
Cast: Nat Wolff, Selena Gomez, Mary-Louise Parker, Elisabeth Shue, Dylan McDermott


Dazed and Confused: 1993 | R | 102 min | 7.349 rating
The adventures of a group of Texas teens on their last day of school in 1976, centering on student Randall Floyd, who moves easily among stoners, jocks and geeks. Floyd is a star athlete, but he also likes smoking weed, which presents a conundrum when his football coach demands he sign a "no drugs" pledge.
Cast: Jason London, Joey Lauren Adams, Matthew McConaughey, Rory Cochrane, Milla Jovovich


Masterminds: 2016 | PG-13 | 94 min | 5.735 rating
A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history.
Cast: Zach Galifianakis, Owen Wilson, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones


Flatliners: 2017 | PG-13 | 111 min | 5.673 rating
Five medical students, hoping to understand the mystery of what lies beyond life, embark on a dangerous experiment. When their hearts are stopped for a short period of time, they have a near-death experience…
Cast: Elliot Page, Diego Luna, Nina Dobrev, James Norton, Kiersey Clemons


Insidious: Chapter 3: 2015 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.287 rating
A twisted new tale of terror begins for a teenage girl and her family, and revealing more mysteries of the otherworldly realm, 'The Further'.
Cast: Stefanie Scott, Lin Shaye, Dermot Mulroney, Leigh Whannell, Angus Sampson


The Fox and the Hound: 1981 | G | 82 min | 7.133 rating
When a feisty little fox named Tod is adopted into a farm family, he quickly becomes friends with a fun and adorable hound puppy named Copper. Life is full of hilarious adventures until Copper is expected to take on his role as a hunting dog -- and the object of his search is his best friend!
Cast: Mickey Rooney, Kurt Russell, Pearl Bailey, Jack Albertson, Sandy Duncan


That Thing You Do!: 1996 | PG | 108 min | 6.867 rating
A Pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and rides the star-making machinery as long as it can, with lots of help from its manager.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Tom Everett Scott, Liv Tyler, Johnathon Schaech, Steve Zahn


Flight 7500: 2014 | PG-13 | 79 min | 4.8 rating
Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin.
Cast: Ryan Kwanten, Amy Smart, Leslie Bibb, Jamie Chung, Scout Taylor-Compton


Non-Stop: 2014 | PG-13 | 106 min | 6.812 rating
Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air Marshals service. He views the assignment not as a life-saving duty, but as a desk job in the sky. However, today's flight will be no routine trip. Shortly into the transatlantic journey from New York to London, he receives a series of mysterious text messages ordering him to have the government transfer $150 million into a secret account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Julianne Moore, Scoot McNairy, Michelle Dockery, Nate Parker


Macbeth: 1971 |  | 141 min | 7.091 rating
Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion.
Cast: Jon Finch, Francesca Annis, Martin Shaw, John Stride, Nicholas Selby


The Best of Me: 2014 | PG-13 | 117 min | 7.458 rating
A pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown.
Cast: Michelle Monaghan, James Marsden, Luke Bracey, Liana Liberato, Gerald McRaney


Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow: 2007 | G | 75 min | 6.779 rating
Elina goes to a fairy school to learn dancing and fairy magic. The spring of the fairy land is soon threatened by evil Laverna who intends to prevent fairies from performing the annual vital rainbow dance. Elina must stop quarreling with her fellow students and unite them to save the first bud of the spring.
Cast: Kelly Sheridan, Lee Tockar, Kathleen Barr, Christopher Gaze, Tabitha St. Germain


Act of Valor: 2012 | R | 110 min | 6.5 rating
When a covert mission to rescue a kidnapped CIA operative uncovers a chilling plot, an elite, highly trained U.S. SEAL team speeds to hotspots around the globe, racing against the clock to stop a deadly terrorist attack.
Cast: Roselyn Sánchez, Emilio Rivera, Gonzalo Menendez, Marissa Labog, Nestor Serrano


Spielberg: 2017 |  | 147 min | 7.575 rating
A documentary on the life and career of one of the most influential film directors of all time, Steven Spielberg.
Cast: Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese, Richard Dreyfuss, Francis Ford Coppola, Tom Hanks


12 Rounds: 2009 | PG-13 | 108 min | 5.892 rating
When New Orleans Police Detective Danny Fisher stops a brilliant thief from getting away with a multimillion-dollar heist, the thief's girlfriend is accidentally killed. After escaping from prison, the criminal mastermind enacts his revenge, taunting Danny with 12 rounds of near-impossible puzzles and tasks that he must somehow complete to save the life of the woman he loves.
Cast: John Cena, Aidan Gillen, Ashley Scott, Brian J. White, Taylor Cole


Malignant: 2021 | R | 111 min | 6.813 rating
Madison is paralyzed by shocking visions of grisly murders, and her torment worsens as she discovers that these waking dreams are in fact terrifying realities with a mysterious tie to her past.
Cast: Annabelle Wallis, Maddie Hasson, George Young, Michole Briana White, Susanna Thompson


Rugrats in Paris: The Movie: 2000 | G | 78 min | 6.6 rating
A group of rambunctious toddlers travel a trip to Paris. As they journey from the Eiffel Tower to Notre Dame, they learn new lessons about trust, loyalty and love.
Cast: Elizabeth Daily, Susan Sarandon, John Lithgow, Tara Strong, Christine Cavanaugh


Dragon Ball Z: The World's Strongest: 1990 | PG | 60 min | 6.519 rating
The evil Dr. Kochin uses the dragon balls to resurrect his mentor, Dr. Wheelo, in an effort to take over the world. Dr. Wheelo, his body having been destroyed by the avalanche that killed him fifty years before, desires the body of the strongest fighter in the world as his new vessel. Believing Roshi to be the world's strongest warrior, Dr. Kochin abducts Bulma and forces Roshi to surrender himself to save her. When Goku hears of their abduction, he goes to their rescue.
Cast: Masako Nozawa, Toshio Furukawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Hiromi Tsuru, Kōhei Miyauchi


Date Night: 2010 | PG-13 | 88 min | 6.089 rating
Phil and Claire Foster fear that their mild-mannered relationship may be falling into a stale rut. During their weekly date night, their dinner reservation leads to their being mistaken for a couple of thieves—and now a number of unsavoury characters want Phil and Claire killed.
Cast: Steve Carell, Tina Fey, Mark Wahlberg, Taraji P. Henson, Jimmi Simpson


Mr. Bean's Holiday: 2007 | G | 90 min | 6.3 rating
Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwittingly separates a young boy from his father and must help the two reunite. On the way he discovers France, bicycling and true love, among other things.
Cast: Rowan Atkinson, Maxim Baldry, Emma de Caunes, Karel Roden, Willem Dafoe


Superman/Batman: Public Enemies: 2009 | PG-13 | 67 min | 7 rating
United States President Lex Luthor uses the oncoming trajectory of a Kryptonite meteor to frame Superman and declare a $1 billion bounty on the heads of the Man of Steel and his ‘partner in crime’, Batman. Heroes and villains alike launch a relentless pursuit of Superman and Batman, who must unite—and recruit help—to try and stave off the action-packed onslaught, stop the meteor Luthors plot.
Cast: Kevin Conroy, Tim Daly, Clancy Brown, LeVar Burton, Xander Berkeley


Dragonheart: Vengeance: 2020 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.889 rating
Lukas, a young farmer whose family is killed by savage raiders in the countryside, sets out on an epic quest for revenge, forming an unlikely trio with a majestic dragon and a swashbuckling, sword-fighting mercenary, Darius.
Cast: Joseph Millson, Jack Kane, Arturo Muselli, Helena Bonham Carter, Carolina Carlsson


Fear Street: 1978: 2021 | R | 110 min | 7.224 rating
In 1978, two rival groups at Camp Nightwing must band together to solve a terrifying mystery when horrors from their towns' history come alive.
Cast: Sadie Sink, Emily Rudd, Ryan Simpkins, McCabe Slye, Ted Sutherland


The Conspirator: 2011 | PG-13 | 122 min | 6.6 rating
Mary Surratt is the lone female charged as a co-conspirator in the assassination trial of Abraham Lincoln. As the whole nation turns against her, she is forced to rely on her reluctant lawyer to uncover the truth and save her life.
Cast: James McAvoy, Robin Wright, Evan Rachel Wood, Kevin Kline, Alexis Bledel


Daughter of the Wolf: 2019 | R | 88 min | 5.6 rating
Ex-military specialist Clair Hamilton returns home from her tour in the Middle East due to her father's passing and to claim her inheritance. Her son is then kidnapped and held for ransom by a gang led by a mysterious figure known only as “Father”.
Cast: Gina Carano, Brendan Fehr, Anton Gillis-Adelman, Sydelle Noel, Richard Dreyfuss


Blindness: 2008 | R | 121 min | 6.533 rating
When a sudden plague of blindness devastates a city, a small group of the afflicted band together to triumphantly overcome the horrific conditions of their imposed quarantine.
Cast: Julianne Moore, Mark Ruffalo, Alice Braga, Yûsuke Iseya, Yoshino Kimura


Experimenter: 2015 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.54 rating
Yale University, 1961. Stanley Milgram designs a psychology experiment that still resonates to this day, in which people think they’re delivering painful electric shocks to an affable stranger strapped into a chair in another room. Despite his pleads for mercy, the majority of subjects don’t stop the experiment, administering what they think is a near-fatal electric shock, simply because they’ve been told to do so. With Nazi Adolf Eichmann’s trial airing in living rooms across America, Milgram strikes a nerve in popular culture and the scientific community with his exploration into people’s tendency to comply with authority. Celebrated in some circles, he is also accused of being a deceptive, manipulative monster, but his wife Sasha stands by him through it all.
Cast: Peter Sarsgaard, Winona Ryder, Jim Gaffigan, Edoardo Ballerini, John Palladino


The Talented Mr. Ripley: 1999 | R | 139 min | 7.181 rating
Tom Ripley is a calculating young man who believes it's better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody. Opportunity knocks in the form of a wealthy U.S. shipbuilder who hires Tom to travel to Italy to bring back his playboy son, Dickie. Ripley worms his way into the idyllic lives of Dickie and his girlfriend, plunging into a daring scheme of duplicity, lies and murder.
Cast: Matt Damon, Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Cate Blanchett, Jack Davenport


Ip Man: Kung Fu Master: 2019 | NR | 82 min | 6.7 rating
Ip Man’s promising career as a Policeman is ruined after he is framed for murder and targeted by a mob boss’s daughter.
Cast: Yu-Hang To, Yuanli Ruoxin, Tong Xiaohu, Yue Dongfeng, Ren Yu


Ginger Snaps: 2000 | R | 108 min | 6.837 rating
The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger and Brigitte, in the mindless suburban town of Bailey Downs. On the night of Ginger's first period, she is savagely attacked by a wild creature. Ginger's wounds miraculously heal but something is not quite right. Now Brigitte must save her sister and save herself.
Cast: Katharine Isabelle, Emily Perkins, Kris Lemche, Mimi Rogers, Jesse Moss


King of Kings: 1961 | PG-13 | 168 min | 7.1 rating
Who is Jesus, and why does he impact all he meets? He is respected and reviled, emulated and accused, beloved, betrayed, and finally crucified. Yet that terrible fate would not be the end of the story.
Cast: Jeffrey Hunter, Siobhán McKenna, Hurd Hatfield, Ron Randell, Viveca Lindfors


Mommy: 2014 |  | 138 min | 8.247 rating
A peculiar neighbor offers hope to a recent widow who is struggling to raise a teenager who is unpredictable and, sometimes, violent.
Cast: Anne Dorval, Antoine Olivier Pilon, Suzanne Clément, Alexandre Goyette, Michèle Lituac


Snitch: 2013 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.087 rating
Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Barry Pepper, Susan Sarandon, Benjamin Bratt, Michael Kenneth Williams


It Could Happen to You: 1994 | PG | 101 min | 6.5 rating
Charlie Lang is a simple, kindhearted New York City cop. When he realizes he has no money to tip waitress Yvonne Biasi, Lang offers her half the winnings of his lottery ticket. Amazingly, the ticket happens to be a winner, in the sum of $4 million. True to his word, Lang proceeds to share the prize money with Biasi, which infuriates his greedy wife, Muriel. Not content with the arrangement, Muriel begins scheming to take all the money.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, Bridget Fonda, Rosie Perez, Wendell Pierce, Isaac Hayes


The Green Hornet: 2011 | PG-13 | 119 min | 5.574 rating
Britt Reid, the heir to the largest newspaper fortune in Los Angeles, is a spoiled playboy who has been, thus far, happy to lead an aimless life. After his father dies, Britt meets Kato, a resourceful company employee. Realizing that they have the talent and resources to make something of their lives, Britt and Kato join forces as costumed crime-fighters to bring down the city's most-powerful criminal, Chudnofsky.
Cast: Seth Rogen, Jay Chou, Cameron Diaz, Tom Wilkinson, Christoph Waltz


An Interview with God: 2018 | NR | 97 min | 7.065 rating
An up-and-coming journalist finds his world and faith increasingly challenged when he's granted the interview of a lifetime – with someone who claims to be God.
Cast: Brenton Thwaites, David Strathairn, Hill Harper, Yael Grobglas, Charlbi Dean


Only Yesterday: 1991 | PG | 119 min | 7.4 rating
On a trip to the countryside to pick safflowers, a young Japanese woman recalls her life when she was ten years old.
Cast: Miki Imai, Toshiro Yanagiba, Yoko Honna, Mayumi Izuka, Masahiro Itou


Triangle: 2009 | R | 99 min | 6.924 rating
When Jess sets sail on a yacht with a group of friends, she cannot shake the feeling that there is something wrong. Her suspicions are realized when the yacht hits a storm and the group is forced to board a passing ocean liner to get to safety, a ship Jess is convinced she’s been on before.
Cast: Melissa George, Liam Hemsworth, Emma Lung, Rachael Carpani, Michael Dorman


The Sword in the Stone: 1963 | G | 79 min | 7.252 rating
Wart is a young boy who aspires to be a knight's squire. On a hunting trip he falls in on Merlin, a powerful but amnesiac wizard who has plans for him beyond mere squiredom. He starts by trying to give him an education, believing that once one has an education, one can go anywhere. Needless to say, it doesn't quite work out that way.
Cast: Sebastian Cabot, Karl Swenson, Junius Matthews, Martha Wentworth, Norman Alden


Odd Thomas: 2013 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.933 rating
In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces.
Cast: Anton Yelchin, Addison Timlin, Willem Dafoe, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Nico Tortorella


Point Break: 2015 | PG-13 | 113 min | 5.929 rating
A young undercover FBI agent infiltrates a gang of thieves who share a common interest in extreme sports. A remake of the 1991 film, "Point Break".
Cast: Edgar Ramírez, Luke Bracey, Teresa Palmer, Ray Winstone, Max Thieriot


Alpha: 2018 | PG-13 | 97 min | 6.494 rating
In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally.
Cast: Kodi Smit-McPhee, Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson, Marcin Kowalczyk, Jens Hultén, Natassia Malthe


She Said: 2022 | R | 129 min | 7.28 rating
New York Times reporters Megan Twohey and Jodi Kantor break one of the most important stories in a generation — a story that helped launch the #MeToo movement and shattered decades of silence around the subject of sexual assault in Hollywood.
Cast: Carey Mulligan, Zoe Kazan, Patricia Clarkson, Andre Braugher, Jennifer Ehle


Samson and Delilah: 1949 | NR | 134 min | 6.6 rating
When strongman Samson rejects the love of the beautiful Philistine woman Delilah, she seeks vengeance that brings horrible consequences they both regret. The classic story of Samson and Delilah as told by Cecil B. DeMille.
Cast: Hedy Lamarr, Victor Mature, George Sanders, Angela Lansbury, Henry Wilcoxon


Sudden Death: 1995 | R | 110 min | 5.982 rating
When a man's daughter is suddenly taken during a championship hockey game – with the captors demanding a billion dollars by game's end – he frantically sets a plan in motion to rescue her and abort an impending explosion before the final buzzer.
Cast: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Powers Boothe, Raymond J. Barry, Whittni Wright, Ross Malinger


Every Breath You Take: 2021 | R | 105 min | 6 rating
A psychiatrist, whose client commits suicide, finds his family life disrupted after introducing her surviving brother to his wife and daughter.
Cast: Casey Affleck, Michelle Monaghan, Sam Claflin, Emily Alyn Lind, India Eisley


Sweet Girl: 2021 | R | 110 min | 6.677 rating
A man vows to bring justice to those responsible for his wife's death while protecting the only family he has left, his daughter.
Cast: Jason Momoa, Isabela Merced, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Amy Brenneman, Adria Arjona


You Only Live Twice: 1967 | PG | 117 min | 6.568 rating
A mysterious spacecraft captures Russian and American space capsules and brings the two superpowers to the brink of war. James Bond investigates the case in Japan and comes face to face with his archenemy Blofeld.
Cast: Sean Connery, Akiko Wakabayashi, Mie Hama, Tetsurō Tamba, Teru Shimada


Snatched: 2017 | R | 90 min | 5.4 rating
When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape.
Cast: Amy Schumer, Goldie Hawn, Tom Bateman, Christopher Meloni, Wanda Sykes


Enola Holmes: 2020 | PG-13 | 123 min | 7.301 rating
While searching for her missing mother, intrepid teen Enola Holmes uses her sleuthing skills to outsmart big brother Sherlock and help a runaway lord.
Cast: Millie Bobby Brown, Henry Cavill, Sam Claflin, Helena Bonham Carter, Louis Partridge


Official Secrets: 2019 |  | 112 min | 7.231 rating
The true story of British intelligence whistleblower Katharine Gun who—prior to the 2003 Iraq invasion—leaked a top-secret NSA memo exposing a joint US-UK illegal spying operation against members of the UN Security Council. The memo proposed blackmailing member states into voting for war.
Cast: Keira Knightley, Matt Smith, Ralph Fiennes, Adam Bakri, Matthew Goode


Deep Blue Sea 2: 2018 | R | 94 min | 5.138 rating
When shark conservationist Dr. Misty Calhoun is invited to consult on a top-secret project run by pharmaceutical billionaire Carl Durant, she is shocked to learn that the company is using unpredictable and highly aggressive bull sharks as its test subjects, which soon break loose and cause havoc.
Cast: Danielle Savre, Rob Mayes, Michael Beach, Nathan Lynn, Kim Syster


At Eternity's Gate: 2018 | PG-13 | 111 min | 6.929 rating
Famed but tormented artist Vincent van Gogh spends his final years in Arles, France, painting masterworks of the natural world that surrounds him.
Cast: Willem Dafoe, Rupert Friend, Oscar Isaac, Mads Mikkelsen, Mathieu Amalric


Tooth Fairy: 2010 | PG | 101 min | 5.48 rating
When minor-league hockey player Derek Thompson -- who has a penchant for knocking out his opponents' teeth every time he plays -- disillusions a fan, he is sentenced to a stint for one week as a bona fide, tutu-clad, real-life tooth fairy. Soon, Derek is inspired to rekindle his youthful dreams.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Stephen Merchant, Ashley Judd, Julie Andrews, Ryan Sheckler


Jikirag: 2022 |  | 120 min | 6.8 rating
A pagan village, founded on the bones of both innocent and foul, is deeply rooted within the heart of an ancient Eden. When a balance of flesh and soil decays, the last surviving village elder battles madness and the macabre to save her people from not only themselves, but the monstrous judgement that burrows up from below.
Cast: Tracey Roath, Alexander J. Baxter, Roy Campsall, Josefin Jönsson Tysén, Corey Woods


Seeking Justice: 2011 | R | 105 min | 5.898 rating
After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists the services of a vigilante group to help him settle the score.
Cast: Nicolas Cage, January Jones, Guy Pearce, Harold Perrineau, Jennifer Carpenter


Close: 2019 | R | 95 min | 5.8 rating
A counter-terrorism expert takes a job protecting a young heiress. After an attempted kidnapping puts both of their lives in danger, they must flee.
Cast: Noomi Rapace, Sophie Nélisse, Indira Varma, Eoin Macken, Akin Gazi


Lost Bullet 2: 2022 | R | 98 min | 6.528 rating
Having cleared his name, genius mechanic Lino has only one goal in mind: getting revenge on the corrupt cops who killed his brother and his mentor.
Cast: Alban Lenoir, Stéfi Celma, Pascale Arbillot, Sébastien Lalanne, Diego Martín


You Won't Be Alone: 2022 |  | 108 min | 6.547 rating
In an isolated mountain village in 19th century Macedonia, a young feral witch accidentally kills a peasant. She assumes the peasant's shape to see what life is like in her skin, igniting a deep seated curiosity to experience life inside the bodies of others.
Cast: Sara Klimoska, Anamaria Marinca, Alice Englert, Félix Maritaud, Carloto Cotta


Just Cause: 1995 | R | 102 min | 6.198 rating
A Harvard professor is lured back into the courtroom after twenty-five years to take the case of a young black man condemned to death for the horrific murder of a child.
Cast: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Kate Capshaw, Ruby Dee


3:10 to Yuma: 2007 | R | 122 min | 7.205 rating
In Arizona in the late 1800s, infamous outlaw Ben Wade and his vicious gang of thieves and murderers have plagued the Southern Railroad. When Wade is captured, Civil War veteran Dan Evans, struggling to survive on his drought-plagued ranch, volunteers to deliver him alive to the "3:10 to Yuma", a train that will take the killer to trial.
Cast: Russell Crowe, Christian Bale, Peter Fonda, Gretchen Mol, Ben Foster


Mad Max 2: 1981 | R | 96 min | 7.4 rating
Max Rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who drives the dusty roads of a postapocalyptic Australian Outback in an unending search for gasoline. Arrayed against him and the other scraggly defendants of a fuel-depot encampment are the bizarre warriors commanded by the charismatic Lord Humungus, a violent leader whose scruples are as barren as the surrounding landscape.
Cast: Mel Gibson, Bruce Spence, Michael Preston, Max Phipps, Vernon Wells


Shot Caller: 2017 | R | 121 min | 6.932 rating
A newly-released prison gangster is forced by the leaders of his gang to orchestrate a major crime with a brutal rival gang on the streets of Southern California.
Cast: Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Omari Hardwick, Lake Bell, Emory Cohen, Jeffrey Donovan


Dicks: The Musical: 2023 | R | 86 min | 4.7 rating
Two self-obsessed businessmen discover they're long-lost identical twins and come together to plot the reunion of their eccentric divorced parents.
Cast: Josh Sharp, Aaron Jackson, Nathan Lane, Megan Mullally, Bowen Yang


Hotel for Dogs: 2009 | PG | 100 min | 6 rating
Placed in a foster home that doesn't allow pets, 16-year-old Andi and her younger brother, Bruce, turn an abandoned hotel into a home for their dog. Soon other strays arrive, and the hotel becomes a haven for every orphaned canine in town. But the kids have to do some quick thinking to keep the cops off their tails.
Cast: Emma Roberts, Jake T. Austin, Don Cheadle, Johnny Simmons, Kyla Pratt


Wild Bill: 1995 | R | 98 min | 5.7 rating
Biopic about famous gunslinger Wild Bill Hickock. The early career of legendary lawman is telescoped and culminates in his relocation in Deadwood and a reunion with Calamity Jane.
Cast: Jeff Bridges, Ellen Barkin, John Hurt, Diane Lane, Keith Carradine


The Outlaw Josey Wales: 1976 | PG | 135 min | 7.461 rating
After avenging his family's brutal murder, Wales is pursued by a pack of soldiers. He prefers to travel alone, but ragtag outcasts are drawn to him - and Wales can't bring himself to leave them unprotected.
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Chief Dan George, Sondra Locke, Bill McKinney, John Vernon


Prancer: 1989 | G | 99 min | 6.012 rating
Jessica, the daughter of an impoverished apple farmer, still believes in Santa Claus. So when she comes across a reindeer with an injured leg, it makes perfect sense to her to assume that it is Prancer, who had fallen from a Christmas display in town. She hides the reindeer in her barn and feeds it cookies, until she can return it to Santa. Her father finds the reindeer an decides to sell it to the butcher, not for venison chops, but as an advertising display.
Cast: Rebecca Harrell Tickell, Sam Elliott, John Duda, Rutanya Alda, Cloris Leachman


Streets of Fire: 1984 | PG | 93 min | 6.893 rating
Raven Shaddock and his gang of merciless biker friends kidnap rock singer Ellen Aim. Ellen's former lover, soldier-for-hire Tom Cody, happens to be passing through town on a visit. In an attempt to save his star act, Ellen's manager hires Tom to rescue her. Along with a former soldier, they battle through dangerous cityscapes, determined to get Ellen back.
Cast: Michael Paré, Diane Lane, Rick Moranis, Amy Madigan, Willem Dafoe


Giant: 1956 | NR | 201 min | 7.634 rating
Wealthy rancher Bick Benedict and dirt-poor cowboy Jett Rink both woo Leslie Lynnton, a beautiful young woman from Maryland who is new to Texas. She marries Benedict, but she is shocked by the racial bigotry of the White Texans against the local people of Mexican descent. Rink discovers oil on a small plot of land, and while he uses his vast, new wealth to buy all the land surrounding the Benedict ranch, the Benedict's disagreement over prejudice fuels conflict that runs across generations.
Cast: Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson, James Dean, Carroll Baker, Jane Withers


Peaceful Death: 2020 | NR | 111 min | 6.4 rating

Cast: Tasuku Emoto, Maki Sakai, Eiji Okuda, Kimiko Yo, Ryudo Uzaki


Halloween: Resurrection: 2002 | R | 94 min | 4.6 rating
Serial Killer Michael Myers is not finished with Laurie Strode, and their rivalry finally comes to an end. But is this the last we see of Myers? Freddie Harris and Nora Winston are reality programmers at DangerTainment, and are planning to send a group of 6 thrill-seeking teenagers into the childhood home of Myers. Cameras are placed all over the house and no one can get out of the house... and then Michael arrives home!
Cast: Jamie Lee Curtis, Brad Loree, Busta Rhymes, Bianca Kajlich, Katee Sackhoff


Bad Santa 2: 2016 | R | 92 min | 5.381 rating
Fueled by cheap whiskey, greed and hatred, Willie Soke teams up with his angry little sidekick, Marcus, to knock off a Chicago charity on Christmas Eve. Along for the ride is chubby and cheery Thurman Merman, a 250-pound ray of sunshine who brings out Willie's sliver of humanity. Issues arise when the pair are joined by Willie's horror story of a mother, who raises the bar for the gang's ambitions, while somehow lowering the standards of criminal behavior.
Cast: Billy Bob Thornton, Kathy Bates, Brett Kelly, Tony Cox, Christina Hendricks


RoboCop 3: 1993 | PG-13 | 104 min | 4.8 rating
The mega corporation Omni Consumer Products is still bent on creating their pet project, Delta City, to replace the rotting city of Detroit. Unfortunately, the inhabitants of the area have no intention of abandoning their homes simply for desires of the company. To this end, OCP have decided to force them to leave by employing a ruthless mercenary army to attack and harass them. An underground resistance begins and in this fight, RoboCop must decide where his loyalties lie.
Cast: Robert John Burke, Nancy Allen, Rip Torn, John Castle, Jill Hennessy


Marry Me: 2022 | PG-13 | 112 min | 6.752 rating
Pop superstar Kat Valdez is about to get married before an audience of her loyal fans. However, seconds before the ceremony, she learns about her fiance's cheating ways and has a meltdown on stage. In a moment of inspired insanity, Kat locks eyes with a total stranger in the crowd and marries him on the spot. As forces conspire to separate the unlikely newlyweds, they must soon decide if two people from such different worlds can find true love together.
Cast: Jennifer Lopez, Owen Wilson, Maluma, John Bradley, Sarah Silverman


16 Wishes: 2010 | G | 90 min | 6.305 rating
The story about Abby Jensen, a girl who's been eager to reach her 16th birthday and has kept a secret wish list since she was a little girl. When the Big Day actually arrives, utter disaster strikes, leaving Abby to think her birthday is ruined. But when a mysterious box of magical birthday candles arrives to turn things around, Abby's 16 Wishes start to come true. Her day gets better and better...until she makes one wish that threatens to change everything.
Cast: Debby Ryan, Jean-Luc Bilodeau, Anna Mae Routledge, Karissa Tynes, Brenda Crichlow


McLintock!: 1963 | NR | 127 min | 6.589 rating
Ageing, wealthy, rancher and self-made man, George Washington McLintock is forced to deal with numerous personal and professional problems. Seemingly everyone wants a piece of his enormous farmstead, including high-ranking government men, McLintock's own sons and nearby Native Americans. As McLintock tries to juggle his various adversaries, his wife—who left him two years previously—suddenly returns. But she isn't interested in George; she wants custody of their daughter.
Cast: John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Patrick Wayne, Stefanie Powers, Jack Kruschen


Mad Money: 2008 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.482 rating
Three female employees of the Federal Reserve plot to steal money that is about to be destroyed.
Cast: Diane Keaton, Queen Latifah, Katie Holmes, Ted Danson, Adam Rothenberg


The Last Castle: 2001 | R | 131 min | 7.153 rating
A court-martialed general rallies together 1200 inmates to rise against the system that put him away.
Cast: Robert Redford, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo, Delroy Lindo, Clifton Collins Jr.


Moana: 2025 |  | Runtime NA | 0 rating
In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by Maui reaches the island of an impetuous Chieftain, his willful daughter answers the Ocean's call to seek out the demigod to set things right.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson


Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang: 2010 | PG | 109 min | 6.278 rating
Nanny McPhee appears at the door of a harried young mother who is trying to run the family farm while her husband is away at war. But once she’s arrived, Nanny discovers that the children are fighting a war of their own against two spoiled city cousins who have just moved in. Relying on everything from a flying motorcycle and a statue that comes to life to a tree-climbing piglet and a baby elephant, Nanny uses her magic to teach her mischievous charges five new lessons.
Cast: Emma Thompson, Asa Butterfield, Ralph Fiennes, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Maggie Smith


Zombie Strippers!: 2008 | R | 94 min | 4.7 rating
In the not too distant future a secret government re-animation chemo-virus gets released into conservative Sartre, Nebraska and lands in an underground strip club. As the virus begins to spread, turning the strippers into "Super Zombie Strippers" the girls struggle with whether or not to conform to the new "fad" even if it means there's no turning back.
Cast: Jenna Jameson, Robert Englund, Roxy Saint, Penny Drake, Whitney Anderson


The Commuter: 2018 | PG-13 | 104 min | 6.352 rating
A businessman, on his daily commute home, gets unwittingly caught up in a criminal conspiracy that threatens not only his life but the lives of those around him.
Cast: Liam Neeson, Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson, Jonathan Banks, Sam Neill


K-19: The Widowmaker: 2002 | PG-13 | 138 min | 6.491 rating
When Russia's first nuclear submarine malfunctions on its maiden voyage, the crew must race to save the ship and prevent a nuclear disaster.
Cast: Harrison Ford, Liam Neeson, Peter Sarsgaard, Joss Ackland, John Shrapnel


The Hunted: 2003 | R | 94 min | 6.185 rating
In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum—his former student—who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo.
Cast: Tommy Lee Jones, Benicio del Toro, Connie Nielsen, Leslie Stefanson, John Finn


Sleeping with Other People: 2015 | R | 100 min | 6.307 rating
Can two serial cheaters get a second chance at love? After a one-night stand in college, New Yorkers Lainey and Jake meet by chance twelve years later and discover they each have the same problem: because of their monogamy-challenged ways, neither can maintain a relationship. Determined to stay friends despite their mutual attraction, they make a pact to keep it platonic, a deal that proves easier said than done.
Cast: Jason Sudeikis, Alison Brie, Adam Scott, Jason Mantzoukas, Natasha Lyonne


The Fly: 1986 | R | 96 min | 7.391 rating
When Seth Brundle makes a huge scientific and technological breakthrough in teleportation, he decides to test it on himself. Unbeknownst to him, a common housefly manages to get inside the device and the two become one.
Cast: Jeff Goldblum, Geena Davis, John Getz, Joy Boushel, Leslie Carlson


Doom: 2005 | R | 105 min | 5.123 rating
A team of space marines known as the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, led by Sarge, is sent to a science facility on Mars after somebody reports a security breach. There, they learn that the alert came after a test subject, a mass murderer purposefully injected with alien DNA, broke free and began killing people. Dr. Grimm, who is related to team member Reaper, informs them all that the chromosome can mutate humans into monsters -- and is highly infectious.
Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Karl Urban, Rosamund Pike, Deobia Oparei, Razaaq Adoti


Come Play: 2020 | PG-13 | 96 min | 6.422 rating
A lonely young boy feels different from everyone else. Desperate for a friend, he seeks solace and refuge in his ever-present cell phone and tablet. When a mysterious creature uses the boy’s devices against him to break into our world, his parents must fight to save their son from the monster beyond the screen.
Cast: Gillian Jacobs, John Gallagher Jr., Azhy Robertson, Winslow Fegley, Jayden Marine


Fun with Dick and Jane: 2005 | PG-13 | 90 min | 6.202 rating
After Dick Harper loses his job at Globodyne in an Enron-esque collapse, he and his wife, Jane, turn to crime in order to handle the massive debt they now face. Two intelligent people, Dick and Jane actually get pretty good at robbing people and even enjoy it -- but they have second thoughts when they're reminded that crime can hurt innocent people. When the couple hears that Globodyne boss Jack McCallister actually swindled the company, they plot revenge.
Cast: Jim Carrey, Téa Leoni, Alec Baldwin, Richard Jenkins, Angie Harmon


Isn't It Romantic: 2019 | PG-13 | 89 min | 6.221 rating
For a long time, Natalie, an Australian architect living in New York City, had always believed that what she had seen in rom-coms is all fantasy. But after thwarting a mugger at a subway station only to be knocked out while fleeing, Natalie wakes up and discovers that her life has suddenly become her worst nightmare—a romantic comedy—and she is the leading lady.
Cast: Rebel Wilson, Liam Hemsworth, Adam Devine, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Betty Gilpin


The Big Country: 1958 | NR | 166 min | 7.653 rating
Retired wealthy sea captain Jim McKay arrives in the vast expanse of the West to marry fiancée Pat Terrill. McKay is a man whose values and approach to life are a mystery to the ranchers and ranch foreman Steve Leech takes an immediate dislike to him. Pat is spoiled, selfish and controlled by her wealthy father, Major Henry Terrill. The Major is involved in a ruthless civil war, over watering rights for cattle, with a rough hewn clan led by Rufus Hannassey. The land in question is owned by Julie Maragon and both Terrill and Hannassey want it.  Preserved by the Academy Film Archive in partnership with The Film Foundation and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. in 2006.
Cast: Gregory Peck, Jean Simmons, Carroll Baker, Charlton Heston, Burl Ives


Justice League x RWBY: Super Heroes & Huntsmen, Part Two: 2023 | PG | 75 min | 7.654 rating
On the heels of successfully escaping a deadly digital trap, the members of the Justice League emerge in their own world to discover that Grimm, ravenous creatures from Remnant, have overtaken Earth! In order to defeat the monsters, they must call on their new friends – Team RWBY – for help!
Cast: Troy Baker, Travis Willingham, Laura Bailey, Lindsay Jones, Kara Eberle


Paradise: 2023 | R | 117 min | 6.69 rating
A man sees the dark side of the time-manipulating biotech company he works for when a crushing debt forces his wife to give up 40 years of her own life.
Cast: Kostja Ullmann, Corinna Kirchhoff, Marlene Tanczik, Iris Berben, Lisa-Marie Koroll


America: The Motion Picture: 2021 | R | 98 min | 5.8 rating
A chainsaw-wielding George Washington teams with beer-loving bro Sam Adams to take down the Brits in a tongue-in-cheek riff on the American Revolution.
Cast: Channing Tatum, Jason Mantzoukas, Olivia Munn, Bobby Moynihan, Judy Greer


Lu Over the Wall: 2017 | PG | 117 min | 7.032 rating
In a small fishing village, a gloomy middle school student named Kai meets a mermaid named Lu.
Cast: Shota Shimoda, Soma Saito, Minako Kotobuki, Kanon Tani, Akira Emoto


High Fidelity: 2000 | R | 113 min | 7.14 rating
When record store owner and compulsive list-compiler Rob Gordon gets dumped by his long-time girlfriend, Laura, because he hasn't changed since they met, he revisits his top five breakups of all time in order to figure out what went wrong. As he examines his failed attempts at romance and happiness, the process finds him being dragged, kicking and screaming, into adulthood.
Cast: John Cusack, Iben Hjejle, Todd Louiso, Jack Black, Lisa Bonet


Forgetting Sarah Marshall: 2008 | R | 111 min | 6.488 rating
When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Peter Bretter for rock star Aldous Snow, Peter's world comes crashing down. His best friend suggests that Peter should get away from everything and to fly off to Hawaii to escape all his problems. After arriving in Hawaii and meeting the beautiful Rachel Jansen, Peter is shocked to see not only Aldous Snow in Hawaii, but also Sarah Marshall.
Cast: Jason Segel, Kristen Bell, Mila Kunis, Russell Brand, Bill Hader


Lupin III: The First: 2019 | PG-13 | 93 min | 7.378 rating
The iconic "gentleman thief" Lupin III returns in an action-packed, continent-spanning adventure, as Lupin III and his colorful underworld companions race to uncover the secrets of the mysterious Bresson Diary, before it falls into the hands of a dark cabal that will stop at nothing to resurrect the Third Reich.
Cast: Kanichi Kurita, Kiyoshi Kobayashi, Miyuki Sawashiro, Daisuke Namikawa, Koichi Yamadera


Little Miss Sunshine: 2006 | R | 102 min | 7.68 rating
A family loaded with quirky, colorful characters piles into an old van and road trips to California for little Olive to compete in a beauty pageant.
Cast: Greg Kinnear, Toni Collette, Steve Carell, Paul Dano, Abigail Breslin


Ghost Ship: 2002 | R | 91 min | 5.93 rating
After discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the Bering Sea, salvagers claim the vessel as their own. Once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor, a series of bizarre occurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship, which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature.
Cast: Gabriel Byrne, Julianna Margulies, Desmond Harrington, Ron Eldard, Isaiah Washington


Singin' in the Rain: 1952 | G | 103 min | 8.167 rating
In 1927 Hollywood, a silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
Cast: Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell


30 Days of Night: 2007 | R | 113 min | 6.401 rating
This is the story of an isolated Alaskan town that is plunged into darkness for a month each year when the sun sinks below the horizon. As the last rays of light fade, the town is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires bent on an uninterrupted orgy of destruction. Only the small town's husband-and-wife Sheriff team stand between the survivors and certain destruction.
Cast: Josh Hartnett, Melissa George, Danny Huston, Ben Foster, Mark Boone Junior


Kiss the Girls: 1997 | R | 115 min | 6.499 rating
Forensic psychologist Alex Cross travels to North Carolina and teams with escaped kidnap victim Kate McTiernan to hunt down "Casanova," a serial killer who abducts strong-willed women and forces them to submit to his demands. The trail leads to Los Angeles, where the duo discovers that the psychopath may not be working alone.
Cast: Morgan Freeman, Ashley Judd, Cary Elwes, Alex McArthur, Tony Goldwyn


Philadelphia: 1993 | PG-13 | 126 min | 7.7 rating
Two competing lawyers join forces to sue a prestigious law firm for AIDS discrimination. As their unlikely friendship develops their courage overcomes the prejudice and corruption of their powerful adversaries.
Cast: Tom Hanks, Denzel Washington, Jason Robards, Mary Steenburgen, Antonio Banderas


Dragon Ball Z: Lord Slug: 1991 | PG | 52 min | 6.451 rating
A Super Namekian named Slug comes to invade Earth. But the Z Warriors do their best to stop Slug and his gang.
Cast: Toshio Furukawa, Kenji Utsumi, Masako Nozawa, Mayumi Tanaka, Joji Yanami


The Tigger Movie: 2000 | G | 77 min | 6.5 rating
Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Owl, Kanga, Roo, and Rabbit are preparing a suitable winter home for Eeyore, the perennially dejected donkey, but Tigger's continual bouncing interrupts their efforts. Rabbit suggests that Tigger go find others of his kind to bounce with, but Tigger thinks "the most wonderful thing about tiggers is" he's "the only one!" Just in case though, the joyously jouncy feline sets out to see if he can find relatives.
Cast: Jim Cummings, Nikita Hopkins, Ken Sansom, John Fiedler, Peter Cullen


Monster's Ball: 2001 | R | 113 min | 6.761 rating
A prison guard begins a tentative romance with the unsuspecting widow of a man whose execution he presided over.
Cast: Billy Bob Thornton, Heath Ledger, Halle Berry, Sean Combs, Yasiin Bey


The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance: 1962 | PG-13 | 123 min | 7.788 rating
A senator, who became famous for killing a notorious outlaw, returns for the funeral of an old friend and tells the truth about his deed.
Cast: John Wayne, James Stewart, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien


The Librarian: Quest for the Spear: 2004 | PG | 106 min | 6.2 rating
When a magical artifact is lifted from his library, a meek librarian sets out to ensure its safe return.
Cast: Noah Wyle, Sonya Walger, Kelly Hu, Bob Newhart, Kyle MacLachlan


Happy Death Day 2U: 2019 | PG-13 | 100 min | 6.302 rating
Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else, and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time, she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle, Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone.
Cast: Jessica Rothe, Israel Broussard, Ruby Modine, Suraj Sharma, Rachel Matthews


Tales from Earthsea: 2006 | PG-13 | 115 min | 6.5 rating
Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Arren, a young distraught teenage boy. While Arren may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Teru. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. She can use the boy's "fears" against the very one who would help him, Ged.
Cast: Junichi Okada, Aoi Teshima, Bunta Sugawara, Yuko Tanaka, Teruyuki Kagawa


Men: 2022 | R | 100 min | 6.206 rating
In the aftermath of a personal tragedy, Harper retreats alone to the beautiful English countryside, hoping to find a place to heal. But someone — or something — from the surrounding woods appears to be stalking her, and what begins as simmering dread becomes a fully-formed nightmare, inhabited by her darkest memories and fears.
Cast: Jessie Buckley, Rory Kinnear, Paapa Essiedu, Gayle Rankin, Sarah Twomey


The Land Before Time XIV: Journey of the Brave: 2016 | G | 82 min | 6.8 rating
On a day known to the dinosaurs as "Treasure Day", Bron becomes stuck in the Mysterious Beyond. This event urges the young Longneck Littlefoot to take his friends on a quest to the Fire Mountain to save his father. Along the way, they befriend a Flyer.
Cast: Felix Avitia, Anndi McAfee, Aria Noelle Curzon, Jeff Bennett, Rob Paulsen


Savages: 2012 | R | 131 min | 6.35 rating
Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend.
Cast: Taylor Kitsch, Blake Lively, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, John Travolta, Salma Hayek Pinault


The Score: 2001 | R | 124 min | 6.704 rating
An aging thief hopes to retire and live off his ill-gotten wealth when a young kid convinces him into doing one last heist.
Cast: Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, Marlon Brando, Angela Bassett, Gary Farmer


My Girl 2: 1994 | PG | 99 min | 5.903 rating
Vada Sultenfuss has a holiday coming up, and an assignment: to do and essay on someone she admires and has never met. She decides she wants to do an assignment on her mother, but quickly realises she knows very little about her. She manages to get her father to agree to let her go to LA to stay with her Uncle Phil and do some research on her mother.
Cast: Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Anna Chlumsky, Austin O'Brien, Richard Masur


The Way: 2010 | PG-13 | 128 min | 7.1 rating
When his son dies while hiking the famed Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route in the Pyrenees, Tom flies to France to claim the remains. Looking for insights into his estranged child’s life, he decides to complete the 500-mile mountain trek to Spain. Tom soon joins up with other travelers and realizes they’re all searching for something.
Cast: Martin Sheen, Emilio Estevez, Deborah Kara Unger, Yorick van Wageningen, James Nesbitt


Money Train: 1995 | R | 110 min | 5.845 rating
When a vengeful New York transit cop decides to steal a trainload of subway fares, his foster brother—a fellow cop—tries to protect him.
Cast: Wesley Snipes, Woody Harrelson, Jennifer Lopez, Robert Blake, Chris Cooper


Mute: 2018 | R | 126 min | 5.591 rating
A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend.
Cast: Alexander Skarsgård, Paul Rudd, Justin Theroux, Seyneb Saleh, Robert Sheehan


Deep Sea: 2023 |  | 105 min | 7 rating
Shenxiu has felt a deep sadness since her mother left. A storm plunges her into a dreamlike world of swirling colour. Led by the Hyjinx, and joined by inventive underwater chef Nanhe, she embarks on a quest to find solace in the Eye of the Deep Sea.
Cast: Wang Ting Wen, Su Xin, Kuixing Teng, Yang Ting, Ji Jing


Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust: 2000 | R | 103 min | 7.5 rating
D has been hired to track down Meier Link, a notoriously powerful vampire who has abducted a woman, Charlotte Elbourne. D's orders are strict - find Charlotte, at any cost. For the first time, D faces serious competition. The Markus Brothers, a family of Vampire Hunters, were hired for the same bounty. D Must intercept Meier and conquer hostile forces on all sides in a deadly race against time.
Cast: Hideyuki Tanaka, Ichiro Nagai, Koichi Yamadera, Emi Shinohara, Yusaku Yara


Boyhood: 2014 | R | 166 min | 7.507 rating
The film tells a story of a divorced couple trying to raise their young son. The story follows the boy for twelve years, from first grade at age 6 through 12th grade at age 17-18, and examines his relationship with his parents as he grows.
Cast: Ellar Coltrane, Patricia Arquette, Ethan Hawke, Lorelei Linklater, Libby Villari


Phantom Thread: 2017 | R | 130 min | 7.3 rating
In 1950s London, renowned British dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock comes across Alma, a young, strong-willed woman, who soon becomes ever present in his life as his muse and lover.
Cast: Daniel Day-Lewis, Vicky Krieps, Lesley Manville, Camilla Rutherford, Gina McKee


Bone Tomahawk: 2015 | NR | 133 min | 6.833 rating
During a shootout in a saloon, Sheriff Hunt injures a suspicious stranger. The doctor's assistant, wife of the local foreman, tends to him in prison. That night, the town is attacked and they both disappear—only the arrow of a cannibal tribe is found. Hunt and a few of his men go in search of the prisoner and the foreman's wife.
Cast: Kurt Russell, Patrick Wilson, Richard Jenkins, Matthew Fox, Lili Simmons


Pet Sematary II: 1992 | R | 100 min | 5.4 rating
The "sematary" is up to its old zombie-raising tricks again. This time, the protagonists are Jeff Matthews, whose mother died in a Hollywood stage accident, and Drew Gilbert, a boy coping with an abusive stepfather.
Cast: Edward Furlong, Anthony Edwards, Clancy Brown, Jared Rushton, Sarah Trigger


Tropic Thunder: 2008 | R | 107 min | 6.648 rating
A group of self-absorbed actors set out to make the most expensive war film ever. After ballooning costs force the studio to cancel the movie, the frustrated director refuses to stop shooting, leading his cast into the jungles of Southeast Asia, where they encounter real bad guys.
Cast: Ben Stiller, Jack Black, Robert Downey Jr., Jay Baruchel, Brandon T. Jackson


It Boy: 2013 | PG-13 | 92 min | 6.357 rating
38-year-old Alice has everything to become the next editor-in-chief of Rebelle magazine except for her uptight image. But when the young and charming Balthazar, barely 20, crosses Alice's path, she realizes that he holds the key to her promotion.
Cast: Virginie Efira, Pierre Niney, Gilles Cohen, Amélie Glenn, Charles Berling


X+Y: 2014 | NR | 111 min | 6.713 rating
A socially awkward teenage math prodigy finds new confidence and new friendships when he lands a spot on the British squad at the International Mathematics Olympiad.
Cast: Asa Butterfield, Rafe Spall, Sally Hawkins, Eddie Marsan, Jo Yang


Trust: 2010 | R | 104 min | 6.565 rating
A suburban family is torn apart when fourteen-year-old Annie meets her first boyfriend online. After months of communicating via online chat and phone, Annie discovers her friend is not who he originally claimed to be. Shocked into disbelief, her parents are shattered by their daughter's actions and struggle to support her as she comes to terms with what has happened to her once innocent life.
Cast: Clive Owen, Catherine Keener, Liana Liberato, Jason Clarke, Viola Davis


Virtuosity: 1995 | R | 106 min | 5.48 rating
The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers, and only one man can stop him.
Cast: Denzel Washington, Russell Crowe, Kelly Lynch, Alanna Ubach, William Forsythe


Night of the Creeps: 1986 | R | 90 min | 6.707 rating
In 1959, an alien experiment crashes to earth and infects a fraternity member. They freeze the body, but in the modern day, two geeks pledging a fraternity accidentally thaw the corpse, which proceeds to infect the campus with parasites that transform their hosts into killer zombies.
Cast: Jason Lively, Steve Marshall, Jill Whitlow, Tom Atkins, Wally Taylor


Oblivion: 2013 | PG-13 | 124 min | 6.624 rating
Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth. Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack’s mission is nearly complete. His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft. Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands.
Cast: Tom Cruise, Morgan Freeman, Olga Kurylenko, Andrea Riseborough, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau


Love at First Sight: 2023 | PG-13 | 91 min | 7.3 rating
Hadley and Oliver begin falling in love on a flight from New York to London, but when they lose each other at customs, can they defy all odds to reunite?
Cast: Haley Lu Richardson, Ben Hardy, Rob Delaney, Katrina Nare, Jameela Jamil


Operation Condor: 1991 | PG-13 | 106 min | 7.351 rating
Hired by a Spanish baron, Hong Kong treasure hunter Jackie, a.k.a. "Asian Hawk" and his entourage seek WWII Nazi gold buried in the Sahara Desert.
Cast: Jackie Chan, Carol Cheng, Eva Cobo, Shôko Ikeda, Vincent Lyn


Ninja: 2009 | R | 83 min | 5.977 rating
A westerner named Casey, studying Ninjutsu in Japan, is asked by the Sensei to return to New York to protect the legendary Yoroi Bitsu, an armored chest that contains the weapons of the last Koga Ninja.
Cast: Scott Adkins, Todd Jensen, Tsuyoshi Ihara, Mika Hijii, Togo Igawa


Two Weeks Notice: 2002 | PG-13 | 101 min | 6.356 rating
Dedicated environmental lawyer Lucy Kelson goes to work for billionaire George Wade as part of a deal to preserve a community center. Indecisive and weak-willed George grows dependent on Lucy's guidance on everything from legal matters to clothing. Exasperated, Lucy gives notice and picks Harvard graduate June Carter as her replacement. As Lucy's time at the firm nears an end, she grows jealous of June and has second thoughts about leaving George.
Cast: Sandra Bullock, Hugh Grant, Dana Ivey, Robert Klein, Alicia Witt


Spies Like Us: 1985 | PG | 102 min | 6.2 rating
Two bumbling government employees think they are U.S. spies, only to discover that they are actually decoys for nuclear war.
Cast: Chevy Chase, Dan Aykroyd, Steve Forrest, Donna Dixon, Bruce Davison


A Fish Called Wanda: 1988 | R | 109 min | 7.197 rating
While a diamond advocate attempts to steal a collection of diamonds, troubles arise when he realises he’s not the only one after the collection.
Cast: Jamie Lee Curtis, John Cleese, Kevin Kline, Michael Palin, Maria Aitken


Sleepover: 2004 | PG | 89 min | 6 rating
As their first year of high school looms ahead, best friends Julie, Hannah, Yancy and Farrah have one last summer sleepover. Little do they know they're about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime. Desperate to shed their nerdy status, they take part in a night-long scavenger hunt that pits them against their popular archrivals. Everything under the sun goes on -- from taking Yancy's father's car to sneaking into nightclubs!
Cast: Alexa PenaVega, Mika Boorem, Jane Lynch, Sam Huntington, Sara Paxton


Suspect Zero: 2004 | R | 99 min | 5.5 rating
A killer is on the loose, and an FBI agent sifts through clues and learns that the bloodthirsty felon's victims of choice are other serial killers.
Cast: Aaron Eckhart, Ben Kingsley, Carrie-Anne Moss, Harry Lennix, Kevin Chamberlin


Knockaround Guys: 2001 | R | 92 min | 5.95 rating
Four sons of well-known New York mobsters must retrieve a bag of cash from a small Montana town ruled by a corrupt sheriff.
Cast: Barry Pepper, Andy Davoli, Seth Green, Vin Diesel, John Malkovich


A Little Chaos: 2015 | R | 117 min | 6.3 rating
A landscape gardener is hired by famous architect Le Nôtre to construct the grand gardens at the palace of Versailles. As the two work on the palace, they find themselves drawn to each other and are thrown into rivalries within the court of King Louis XIV.
Cast: Kate Winslet, Matthias Schoenaerts, Alan Rickman, Stanley Tucci, Helen McCrory


Swimfan: 2002 | PG-13 | 84 min | 5.3 rating
Ben Cronin has it all: the admiration of his many friends, a terrific girlfriend, and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship. Ben's rock-solid, promising future and romance are turned upside-down with the arrival of Madison Bell. Madison, the new girl in town, quickly sets her sights on the impressionable Ben. While their first few meetings are innocent enough, the obsessive and seductive Madison wants more ... much more.
Cast: Jesse Bradford, Erika Christensen, Shiri Appleby, Kate Burton, Jason Ritter


Code 8: 2019 | NR | 99 min | 6.177 rating
In Lincoln City, some inhabitants have extraordinary abilities. Most live below the poverty line, under the close surveillance of a heavily militarized police force. Connor, a construction worker with powers, involves with a criminal gang to help his ailing mother. (Based on the short film “Code 8,” 2016.)
Cast: Stephen Amell, Robbie Amell, Kari Matchett, Penny Eizenga, Lawrence Bayne


The Sadness: 2021 | R | 99 min | 6.8 rating
A young couple is pushed to the limits of sanity as they attempt to be reunited amid the chaos of a pandemic outbreak. The streets erupt into violence and depravity, as those infected are driven to enact the most cruel and ghastly things imaginable.
Cast: Berant Zhu, Regina Lei, Ying-Ru Chen, Tzu-Chiang Wang, Tsai Chang-Hsien


Belle's Magical World: 1998 | G | 69 min | 6.2 rating
Belle, the Beast, Lumiere, Cogsworth and the rest of those zany castle residents use their imaginations to embark on three magical, storybook adventures. This direct-to-video anthology serves as a "sequel" to Disney's animated hit film. In "The Perfect World," Belle and the Beast learn about forgiveness. In "Fifi's Folly," Lumiere's girlfriend is jealous of his bond with Belle. And in "Broken Wing," the Beast learns to be kind to an injured bird.
Cast: Robby Benson, Paige O'Hara, David Ogden Stiers, Jerry Orbach, Anne Rogers


Videodrome: 1983 | R | 88 min | 7.294 rating
As the president of a trashy TV channel, Max Renn is desperate for new programming to attract viewers. When he happens upon "Videodrome," a TV show dedicated to gratuitous torture and punishment, Max sees a potential hit and broadcasts the show on his channel. However, after his girlfriend auditions for the show and never returns, Max investigates the truth behind Videodrome and discovers that the graphic violence may not be as fake as he thought.
Cast: James Woods, Sonja Smits, Debbie Harry, Peter Dvorsky, Leslie Carlson


